Has anyone had any success in using CODESYS SVN to store projects on github?I want to be able to collaborate on a project with a remote colleague. Given that github supports SVN access I hoped that it would be possible to use CODESYS SVN to upload a project onto a github repository.When I tried to import the project into an existing folder CODESYS complains because the folder is not empty. If I try importing into a named new subfolder beneath trunk I get an error from github saying that it cannot support an empty directory.I know I could just store project files on github, but I like the feature set of CODESYS SVN and would prefer to be able to use it directly.

Just a side note: Github internally uses some kind of GIT-Subversion bridge (similar bridges are available for TFS). Most of those bridges are somehow "lossy", they don't support all SVN features. CODESYS SVN heavily depends on some of those features, e. G. SVN properties, which are not supported by most of those bridges. One possible solution is to change the storage format used by CODESYS SVN (which would render it incompatible to older versions of the AddOn, but might have other advantages), the other solution is to enhance the adapters so they provide a proper emulation of all needed SVN features.

_________________Check out the CODESYS store: http://store.codesys.com/CODESYS® a trademark of 3S-Smart Software Solutions GmbH Inspiring Automation Solutions

M.Schaber wrote:... One possible solution is to change the storage format used by CODESYS SVN (which would render it incompatible to older versions of the AddOn, but might have other advantages), the other solution is to enhance the adapters so they provide a proper emulation of all needed SVN features.Thank you Marcus, I'm sure that you are correct that it is the loss of properties that is the main issue with using the Github SVN bridge. As I only see the results of your work, and not the effort involved, I must admit I'm attracted to the idea of a format change so that only the basic SVN features are used thus allowing bridges to be used. Presumably a format upgrade process would be possible.One further thought if you ever do look at the format used. I think it would be highly beneficial if we could re-constitute a CODESYS project from the raw files checked out of SVN using a command line script. My reason for mentioning this is for integration with continuous integration systems. I currently use jenkins, and actually check out projects twice, once using raw SVN and then using codesys (to checkout the same version).Nice ideas for the wish list - not sure how well you can prioritise these:)

