After adding the SMS Service package - Please explain how to resolve library CAADTUtil.Thank you!

Please look at the pictures – Identifier ‘DTU’ not defined… I have searched every corner of the 3S-Systems documentation, without finding any kind of hint regarding this issue.Google have helped a little, guiding me to understand that this ‘CAADTUtil’ library provides “FUNCTIONS FOR HANDLING DATE AND TIME”… In this case, related to the ‘SMS Service’ add-on. It is not working – that is a fact and absolutely no official guidance are available – shame on you ‘3S-Systems’.It would be of great assistance if anyone, with any level of experience in the 'SMS Service' would make a comment/remark.I will not be surprised if none of you users are familiar with this issue – how could you be? This is a specific developer software flaw, which 3S-Systems should address, soon… My guess is though - 3S-Systems do not find this important, due to a very limited distribution sale of the ‘SMS Service’ library (yes, it actually costs money). What benefit will 3S-Systems gain, from helping me…? I have only spent €150 in their CodeSys store… Why should they care? How much noise can I make?Library ’CAADTUtil’ is a 3S-Systems product, so I would certainly expect them to involve some resources in this issue… Does anyone in here have experience with the 3S-Systems support level – do they provide any support. With all respect, I find the ‘CODESYS Development System V3’ documentation availability, very poor – I cannot find one single match when I search for ‘DTU.ERROR’ or ‘DTU.DTConcat’, in the CODESYS V3 online help.How does a 3S-systems customer solve a problem like this, without help from the vendor…?Thank you!

Hi,this should not happen in general (this store examples should work and I have verified it with Raspberry PI it does)If I use it with 3.5.10.0 CODESYS and 3.5.10.0 Raspberry Pi package everything seems to be ok.Could you update to current Version - both CODESYS and Pi Package?In general if you are missng a placeholder somewhere you could Redirect them in the placeholder dialog.BREdwin

Same issue here. No idea how to proceed because the errors don't give direct hint were to look.WIN 10 64 BusinessCodesys V3.5 SP12 Patch 3+ 64 bitSMS Service 1.0.0.6Idea would be to use this library with raspberry but tried also to import it into empty project. Same problem in there.Please help.

