Hello Everyone,I have an application for many stations at my facility and am trying to determine what hardware/software to utilize.  I wish to run a softPLC (ex, CoDeSys RTE) in a windows environment on a panel PC with a Java HMI.  Communication between HMI and PLC will be OPC DA (if UA is an option, I may take advantage).  Additionally, the PLC must poll a Modbus remote IO unit and access files on a server.  I will be utilizing libraries and function blocks that are already developed for CoDeSyS 2.3.So, currently, I have many stations in my facility already running CoDeSyS 2.3 RTE (actually its IndraLogic, but all the same), and it would be advantageous to keep things consistent.  However, I can no longer get the XP Panel PC's and would like to make the jump to a Win 7 x64 Pro OS to easy other issues regarding network authentication to the server where the file access is needed.So my questions are:1) Can function blocks and libraries developed within CoDeSyS 2.3  be imported into CoDeSyS 3.5 SP5 without any hassle?  I know the PLC projects can be imported, but I have some sophisticated function blocks that do file access and I don't want to have to struggle to tweak them for 3.5 right now.2) What is the latest OS that CoDeSyS 2.3 RTE can run on?  (I thought this would be easy to find but it seems I can only find info for 3.5)3) What would you anticipate to be the most stable/robust solution for my application?I guess I am leaning towards 3.5, but since I have not yet seen it I am not sure how big of a change there really is.  Screenshots seem to make it look radically different as far as I can tell.Thanks for the help guys,-Nate

Maybe also worth mentioning that I need to continuously poll a Cognex Dataman 300 series camera to obtain a string value.  Haven't checked around for any libraries on this yet.

Also, I am thinking my application only warrants CoDeSys WIN instead of RTE, it's not completely clear to me yet.

V2.3 vs V3When you have a choice, I would choose V3. It is more advanced than V2.3, all new developments are done in V3 only, supports new OS versions, V3 supports OPC UA, etc.RTE vs Control WinRTE has a lot less jitter than Control Win. For Softmotion you need the RTE. If you don't need hard realtime behaviour you could decide to use the Control Win, but if you are not sure, I would advise the RTE. The RTE is also available for Win7 64bits.Conversion V2.3 to V3You are right that most functionality can just be converted (just open the V2.3 application in V3), but you might want to consider rewriting some code.E.g. for the file handling there is a new "Use Case" library available which is made according to the Common Behaviour Model. This way you are (more) device independent and the code is non blocking.My advise:Follow a V3 training to get up to speed quickly.

Hello Tim,Thanks for the information, it's very helpful.  My application doesn't do any actual machine control (just for data management) so I could probably get away with the Win version, but for the sake of stability it may be good to use the RTE.  Also, I think I may try to make the jump to v3 if I get all the old libraries and function blocks to import without any issues.But, just in case they do not, I know I can come up and running much faster on v2.3.  The CoDeSyS 2.3 download link makes it look as if I can run it in Windows 7 x64, but is this true for the Win/RTE service as well?Thanks,-Nate

Hi,RTE v2.3 run only on 32Bit windows systems.I would recommend to give V3 a try, if you have problems on importing the libraries let us know.You need nothing to buy (the plc's run for 2h) just download V3 and download Control RTE (or in a first step use Control Win which comes with the develeopmentsysem )Dowlonad CODESYS:http://www.codesys.com/download/passwor ... erung.htmlControl RTE:http://store.codesys.com/systeme/codesy ... te-sl.htmlControl Win:http://store.codesys.com/systeme/codesy ... in-sl.htmlBREdwin Schwellinger 3S - Smart Software Solutions GmbH

Well, I've been fooling around with it and it seems that I'll be limited to CoDeSyS 2.3 (given the timeframe).  It's a complicated situation, but I'm not the one writing the libraries/Function Blocks and I need remain consistent with all the other CoDeSyS 2.3 stations.Just one final question I have not been able to confirm, can the CoDeSyS 2.3.9.47 RTE run on Win7 32-bit?Thanks,-Nate

Hi Nate,>Just one final question I have not been able to confirm, can the CoDeSyS 2.3.9.47 RTE run on Win7 32-bit?yes for sure.BREdwin Schwellinger 3S - Smart Software Solutions GmbH

That's awesome, thanks for all the help guys.  We'll see how it goes when I try to roll it all out, maybe when I get adventurous down the road I'll try and make the jumpt to CoDeSyS v3.Thanks,-Nate

I think I have come to realize that my network adapters may not be supported by CoDeSyS RTE.  I have only the "Intel I210 Gigabit" adapters on this PC.  But I have also read from this post (Edwin, I'm looking at your post below):viewtopic.php?f=4&t=5711&p=10291&hilit=rte+network#p10291That the Win PLC can support any adapter.  I will make tests with Win PLC to see if it helps.Thanks everyone, let me know if this sounds correct.

Hi,wow.. no our FAQ info seems to be outdated, this is meanwhile supported on Control RTE to use I210.Not needed to change to Control Win.BREdwin

Hi Edwin,That's very interesting because I've already changed to Control Win and it relieved the problem (got another error now, but there definitely is a network connection, should be resolved in the next few minutes).But I would prefer to use the RTE.  Is there anything else I should modify then for RTE to support my network adapter?

Hi Nate,no nothing else... use CmpEt1000MPD ("c:\Program Files\3S CoDeSys\CODESYS Control RTE3\CmpEt1000MPD\net541ex.inf" ) for I210 Adapater in Windows DeviceManagerand add the Component to the RTE configuration.BREdwin

Hello Edwin,The directory you supplied says CoDeSys SP RTE3, I'm working with v2.3, would that driver still work?  Otherwise, I guess I'm stuck with the PLCWinNT target?

Hi,I would give Control RTE (V3) a try.If you  need help on the import process, send the project to support@codesys.comat least some screenshots which libraries are used in your project would help to give a more detailed statementhow many effort you have to expect on upating to CODESYS V3.BREdwin

Hello Edwin,Actually, the effort to upgrade to V3 would be an incredible challenge.  It's difficult to explain, but my application is very special and I am working with a CoDeSys 2.3 project that is generated from an automated tool with 1,000's of function blocks and libraries used from other sources.  Additionally, my company already has 1,000's of stations running V2.3, I'm just trying to get away from the legacy hardware (Windows XP based system).If I'm limited to WinNT PLC, I think it's not a problem so long as the only limitation is real time control.Thanks,-Nate

Hi Nate,ok the if need 64Bit Windows-> PLCWinNt is the only option you have.BREdwin

