I have CoDeSys SM 3.4.3 at Windows CE device and tried to create a motion control  application: System configuration is:EtherCat Master connects with  Beckhoff  EL6751 CANBus Master, then this CAN Bus master connects with Lust ServoC CAN Bus slaves.   The problem is: I performed scan device function at CoDeSys and could not find CAN Bus slaves. I am sure there is cable coneection problem.  Also, does anyone has CoDeSys sample with CANbus  motion control?I am appreciated if anyone can help on this issue.Thanks Larry

hi, a)for the scan of the can devices you need to wait for 3.4 SP4b) you need a component (should be includeded in the CE Runtime)to have the 3S CanopenManager on the EL6751 CANbus Master (maybe a update on the EL6751 firmware / actual version is needed)c) check if the Servo C drives support interpolated position mode or cyclic sync mode in the DSP402 options(Is there a drive type which has direct ethercat access from LTI???) Could save a lot,and you do not have the canbus bandwith restriction.If Servo C does support mode 7 or 8 you need a driver for using the Softmotion.Example Project: See the examples in standard CoDeSys they based on virtual drives but you have to switch them to real can drives (but how?)1.Add the CAN-Bus2.Add CanopenManager3.Execute Motion FB's only in Motion Task context (Synctime in Canopen manger should fit to the Motion cycle)hope this helpscu

Hi Edwin,Thanks for your information and help.1)  DSP402 and operation mode 7 are selected in Servo C2) We got latest product EL6751 and tested with (EL6751) vendor's PLC3) Which component should be included in Runtime CE?  we could not verify it.4) This kind of system configuration (Canbus via EtherCat) may restrict the performance; however, our application does not require high speed movement. It worked fine with vendor’s PLC  system .5) Since no canbus is connected directly to PLC, how to use 3S CANopen manager?6) Is it true that Version 3.4.SP4 will support CANBUS and device scan for canbus?Thanks for your support and help.Larry Wang

Hello Larry,>3) Which component should be included in Runtime CE? we could not verify it.think you got some mail from PB>5) Since no canbus is connected directly to PLC, how to use 3S CANopen manager?see screenshot of the configuration>6) Is it true that Version 3.4.SP4 will support CANBUS and device scan for canbus?yes sure

Hi Edwin,I did not get any e-mail from PB yet. Could you send me this screen printout by e-mail, I could not download it from here. Do I need to have CANOpen master license installed in PLC for this configuration (CANbus over EtherCat)?Thanks for your help and support.BRLarry

Hi Larry,i've send the screenshot to you.>Do I need to have CANOpen master license installed in PLC for this configuration (CANbus over EtherCat)?later yes, but for testing and start with dev. everthing is full functional for development, after a certain time the signs on the devicetree went redbecause of demo mode.cuEdwin

