Hello everybody,I am newbie in this forum and I am a new user of codesys.I have runtime working without any problems in my Linux X86 CPU.Before, we was programming our applications in C and Qt ( C++ ) with realtime support and we have developed some drivers for special devices.Now with codesys, we would like to access a those special devices, but codesys doesn't recognize them directly.So, my question:1.- Can codesys open a device in /dev/myDriver? I suppose I know the answer.....NO2.- Does somebody know how to create a component, library and I/O driver to access a special device??3.- Anybody has a interested example ?King regards

Hi,Is this really CODESYS version 2.3?BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,Is this really CODESYS version 2.3?BREdwinUfffffff...... you are right. I am user of codesys V3.HI Admin, could you move this post to the correct place? Thanks a lot.Sorry.

Hi,either you add your drivers as runtime components or you access /dev/whatever from iecapplication  both is possible.Think these a points need to be checked on the runtime toolkit Workshop (has this already been done)BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,either you add your drivers as runtime components or you access /dev/whatever from iecapplication  both is possible.Think these a points need to be checked on the runtime toolkit Workshop (has this already been done)BREdwinHi Edwin,Thank you very much for move my post.I am checking information about C-Integration but when I open Codesys software I don't find option "C code Module".Right click in Application, and it isn't this option. License??? I don't knowKind regards

Hi,C-Integration is different product and even a different approach.I would recommend to add a C-code runtime component but for this no C-Integration is needed only the runtime toolkit.BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,C-Integration is different product and even a different approach.I would recommend to add a C-code runtime component but for this no C-Integration is needed only the runtime toolkit.BREdwinHi Edwin, Understood. So, C-code runtime component is the best way. I have the runtime toolkit for our system, so I suppose I need to read a lot of pdfs.Kind regards

Hi,usually there is this 2 day workshop, which is really needed.Has this workshop already been carried out in your Company or at 3S Software?BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,usually there is this 2 day workshop, which is really needed.Has this workshop already been carried out in your Company or at 3S Software?BREdwinHi Edwin,Yes, my contact  in Codesys told me that runtime toolkit included this workshop.I tried to understand how to make it, but I see that it is a little bit more complex without previous knowledge.I guess in January, I will go to Kempten to have this workshop.Thank you very much Edwin for your help.Kind regards.

