First, I am new to CoDeSys.  I have been a programmer since the early 70s.I am trying to connect codesys on a windows 7 pro system using codesys3.5 SP9 patch 1 to an Eaton HFX12m controller using structured text as thelanguage.  Using a small test program under "Build" the program compiles with0 errors.  But, when I try to connect it using "Online" it gives me a"communication error: AppExists (#0x00000500)".  This is as far as I havebeen able to go.  If there is anyone out there who has some experience withthe Eaton HFX series of controllers, I am going to need some help.  If anyfurther information is needed about how I have this project setup just letme know.  Thanks in advance..DPguy

DPguy,The Eaton HFX controller use CoDeSys version 3.5.5.4 on their controllers. This is probably a good start to the issue you are seeing. We tried once to create the project using 3.5.6.0 but ran into nothing but problems. We uninstalled and went back to 3.5.5.4 and haven't had issues since.

Thanks for the reply.  I tried to find that version on the CoDeSysweb site but they don't seem to have it anymore.  I have beentrying to make this connection for over six months with no success.I am just wondering now if the latest edition of the software willwork on the HFX12.  Any info I can learn about codesys and theHFX device would be helpful.  Thanks again for the reply.DPguy

Did you install the HFX package in Codesys?http://www.eatonpowersource.com/tools/s ... downloads/

You should be able to see the device with the latest version. Is this your first time programming in CoDeSys? Also have you read over the Installation and Operation Manual? Can you see the device when you do a scan network? On page 14 it goes over the requirements to be able to see the device when you do a scan network. Also shows how to install/update the firmware on the controller. If the b light is solid red, A light is off, that means you have no firmware on the controller and until you get firmware installed the controller is useless. You need the ECOM cable for that.

Thanks again for all the replays.  Yes, this is my first attempt to programa PLC.  I got the HFX12m about eight months ago.  It was then I discoveredthat I needed the Ecom cable.  So, I ordered it too. Got it three monthslater.  I used it to load the firmware to the device.  When powered up the "A"light is green.  The HFX package has been installed for the 12 version.  I haveread the installation manual many times.  I have used the "Service tool" toconnect with the device and it works OK.  The small test program works fineusing "Build" but when I try to go "Online" to copy the program to the deviceI get the "Communication error" and that is as far as I have been able to go.The device shows connected and when I go to device->Send Echo Service,it responds quickly.  The Device screen shows a green dot on the gateway andthe PLC.  I will try to sent a screen shot of the screen showing the error.Thanks everyone...I have already received more help on this forum than fromEaton and 3S combined....DPguy

The best chance you have of getting support is contacting who you purchased it from. 3S supports Eaton who supports distributors who supports the end customer. (Unless you are a large OEM who can buy direct from Eaton.) I tried installing 3.5.9.4 on a virtual machine but it requires windows 7 or higher to run so I didn't make it very far. Was going to test if I ran into the same error. I bet if you uninstalled 3.5.9.1 and installed either ProFx (USB dongle required/license) or CoDeSys 3.5.5.something it should work. I have worked with a few people that are using 3.5.5.1 and sometimes run into a missing library but it usually works and connects just fine to the controller. You could also use 3.5.4.2 if you installed an older version of the firmware.

I downloaded the latest version of the software last night (3.5.10.40)  I have yet to install it.  As Imentioned before finding those older versions is tricky.  They are not on the 3S website anymore.The reason I am not using Pro-FX is that they want money for a key.  I am trying to do the R&D onthis device with as little cost as I can.  Also, what version of the firmware should I use if I use thelatest version of the software?  I bought the devices from an Eaton distributor.  Repeated contactswith that company has been no help.  They have never heard of Pro-FX or for that mater HFX seriesof controllers.  I had to give them the part numbers and they just ordered them from that.  Thefirmware I loaded onto the device is HFX 1.3.0 dated 4/16/2016.  Just so it is known, I also installedPro-FX control downloaded from the Eaton website just to see if it would install.  I can't use itbecause I do not have a key code.  When I did that, the gateway and PLC icons appeared in thewindows tray on the bottom of the windows 7 screen.  Installing 3S did not do that.  I also havetwincat 3 from Beckhoff that I used with a youtube video series to learn how to program in structuredtext.  It was for training only.  So, should I use the latest version, or should I try to find one of theseolder versions and which firmware version should I use?  I also have firmware 1.4.0 dated 1/17/2017.Thanks for all the help....DPguy

Firmware version 1.1.0.11 (1.2) and 1.1.2.13 (1.4) both use the same CoDeSys run-time of 3.5.5.4. I guess I skipped using version 1.3. I would use version 1.4 as the memory on the device was optimized. I tried installing 3.5.9.4 and loading an application and ran into the same issue you did. It has something to do with the difference in how it builds the program. If I open a 3.5.5.4 project in 3.5.9.4 I can login to the display as long as I haven't made any changes. As soon as I make a change I can no longer login. So you have two options in my mind. 1: Find someone with an older installer version. If this site had a way to PM I might be able to help you out with this.2: Buy the license to use Pro-FX. If you buy the license though I would buy it from a distributor that knows what the product line is and how to use it so that you can get support if needed. This depends on where about in the world you are.Best of luck.

Thanks so much for the reply.  This is very helpful.  Since you also had the same problem at least Iknow that it wasn't just me.  I may have to get Pro-FX to make this thing work but I hope that willbe the last resort.  I just wonder what would happen if I used the latest version of the firmware andthe latest version of the IDE.  If that does not work, I could try to get the older version.  I am a fewmiles north of Memphis, TN. If I try to use the older or newer version, of the software, is it just a case of uninstalling the current version and installing the new one, or is there something special that must be done?  I won't mention the supplier I got the equipment from but I can tell you that they are the largest distributor of Eaton products in the world.  There are a couple of thing that are not apparent to me from the 3S site:1: Is their software truly "no charge" because they talk about a "trial version".  How can it be    "no charge" and a "trial version" at the same time?2: Is 3S used a lot in the industry or do most application developers use the version marketed by the    company that makes the PLC devices?If you can think of a way to get the older version to me I will try what ever it takes.Thanks so much for sticking with me on this.  This seems to characteristic of people in the computerbusiness.  They stick together.DPguy

Latest version of firmware and latest version of the IDE won't help as they haven't updated the runtime on the firmware. I have version 3.5.5.1 just not sure how to get it to you.To somewhat answer your questions 3S software is free for the most part. The requirements are you have to use it on a device that the manufacture pays for the license to have it on OR you have buy a license to run it more than 2 hours on devices like a raspberry PI or a personal computer. In this case Eaton pays for the license for each of their devices. Where extra cost can come in is if the manufacture creates their own libraries or re-skins the IDE. You don't have to use the manufactures libraries in most cases but if, like in this case, they run off a certain runtime and you can't get the same version what else can you do?There are a few companies out there that offer CoDeSys version:   1: Eaton (Charges for license to use their re-skinned IDE and libraries)   2: Maximatecc (No license is needed)   3: IFM (No license is needed)   4: Wachendorff (Charges for license and support but not required)I bet there are more out there for the mobile market and it would be awesome if they posted to let us know. 3S name is known a lot more in the industrial market from what I am aware of.

Thanks for the information.  Sometimes knowing the "BIG" picture helps me to know what is going onin the industry and more of this stuff is starting to make more sense. I am anxious to get this projecta little further down the road.  If this site would allow it I am willing to post my number so we cantalk and maybe then we can find a way to get the 3.5.5.1 version to me.  I still have 1.4 of thefirmware just haven't copied it to the device yet.  If you can think of any way I can get my hands onthat version I will be willing to try.  I have an email address.  It may be possible for you to attach thefile to an email and send it to me.  If you think that will work, let me know.Thanks for all this help.  I have learned more in the past few days than I have since I started theproject in Dec 2015.  Thanks for "Comingback 4me".Sincerely....DPguy

Maybe if you add information under your profile for Skype or Google I can add you and talk that way. Not sure what all is visible to other users. Since I can't see your email through that.

I am going to take a chance and post my email address on this thread.  After all the whole purpose ofthis forum is to trade ideas and help.  Then I can get an idea of which version (3.5.5.4 or 3.5.5.1) Ishould be working with.  Thanks so much for the info.NOTE: Anyone reading this thread who has even a shred of info concerning the HFX PLCs includinginstallation, and use of the device, please feel free to include it.  You can never tell when even thesmallest detail can open doors that have been locked for a long time.  Thanks in advance....DPguy

Did you get it up and running?

