Hello,   I have Codesys Version 3.5. SP9 Patch 5.  I downloaded the  Codesys Safety for Ethercat Safety Module.  In the process of purchasing a License.  However, I am having an issue after following the instructions from the help.  First of all, after I did my Scan for devices.  It found everything, Then I did a download.  Everything looked like it was working fine, However, there was an Orange Circle, Instead of a green Circle as shown in the attached photo. 1. Is this Orange circle just because it is a safety Module?  That is what I assumed.2.Then I went to go further with the Help.  I noticed that I could not access any of the inputs form the logical IO.  After Some Investigating, I saw the message that the Device Repository needed to hit the Renew Device Repository. (See photo After Scan Imported Devices.)  So I did that and then you can see from the third photo After Renew was pressed photo.3. Is this because we need to purchase the License, meaning when the license is in hand this error will go away, and I can access the I/O on Logical Devices4. What is error #21? Thank you,

Hello Zachary,Did you get the EL6900 to work?What is the meaning of the orange circle? I have the same problem. I can get the program in the EL6900 but after that the EL6900 gives an communication error. In the safety POU I see the inputs on False. If I close the contact on my EL1904 (input) the LED on the card turns on but the program does not respond...

Hi,orange cirlce means 'no license activated' - so if you use a CODESYS SL (single license) plc from the CODESYS storeyou need to buy:https://store.codesys.com/catalogsearch ... /?q=EL6900and activate this license into the plc.If it is a plc from any manufaturer you need to check if the plc is 'single license capabale' this means if it does supportto activate a license to the plc. Therefore a runtime USB key is needed. (https://store.codesys.com/accessories/c ... mpakt.html)Either check this by using this Project with a connected runtime key:https://store.codesys.com/device-reader.htmlor maybe better to be sure ask the manufacturer of the plc if they support it.(single licensing in the device)Here is the first steps clip/video how to setup a project with EL6900.https://youtu.be/y5c-ZxtCc0oDo not forget to set the Hardware DIP Switches on each module (unique) and this Setting should fit to the setting FSOE address.(if everything is green, think this is well done)BREdwin

