Hello,as written in the subject I'm exchanging my PC. Is there an easy (or let's say safe way) way to migrate/import all my libraries and licences?I installed already the latest codesys V3 version and changed from 32 to 64 bit on the new PC. I have a Raspberry compiler licence and found in the documentation, how to migrate this licence from one Pi to another, but obviously I need also get the licence information into my new codesys development system.Greetings and have a good start in the week!Oliver

OK I found myself a solution:  = > craete a project archive from the PC with all working drivers and libraries and then open it on the new one.However, there are still missing libraries, that are not possible to download within the library manager. The download URLs doesn't seem to be correctly anymore. If I type the URLs manually (copy not possible), the page source is not known (I don't see any writing mistake), e.g.https:/store.codesys.com/CODESYSLibs/3S-Smart Software Solutions GmbH/IoDrvGPIO/1.0.1.10A search for the library wasn't successful. Do you know a way how to export this library from the old PC? Or is there another place where I can download it from?Greetings and have a nice day!Oliver

Hi,These are libraries in source code.... just install the raspberry pi package on the new pc then you'll have this library too.Second Option is to mark when you generate the projectarchive on the old pc, that all source libs should be placed into the package.BREdwin

Good morning Edwin,yes in fact I installed first the 64-bit version...probably too fast, because I read afterwards that some features are still not supported. Uninstalled it using the windows control tool and then installed the 32-bit version. I had some trouble to install the Raspberry package, but this could be according to our new user policy with limited administrator rights.However, I created an archive as you proposed and in fact, as I saw the green rectangle in the check box of the referenced libraries, I thought this is already completely included and didn't check it again for the first time. Now there is no error message anymore and I can go testing the new PC with the Raspberry. Thank you very much and have a nice day!Oliver

