1.   I created a library, I need to authorize this library.According to each hardware ID to generate an application code, then I will provide a corresponding registration code, unregistered controller will go to overflow error after half an hour.I have done the following work: In my library I designed a method to judge enter registration code is correct, but it must be need to call this method every FB, it looks stupid, also very consumption of system resources, and each FC also is such, so I want some other ways to do this, but without consuming additional system resources2.   How to generate a codesys package from compiled-libraryAttachment:无标题.png

Hello leon517,as I do understand, you're trying to publish a protected library, which needs to be licensed. Please correct me if I'm wrong.1.) It's not necessary to do this by yourself. CODESYS provides a very good licensing system, which can be implemented easily. As far as I know, there are two licensing options you can choose from. First option is a license which bounds the usage of the library to the workstation. The second one is called single license, this means the usage of the library is bounded to a single runtime (also known as runtime license). With regard to your described point one, I think the second option is nearly the same solution you're trying to realize by your own. Note: You can find deeper information about licensing in the online help. (see: Libraries --> Guidelines for Creating Libraries --> Use the correct method for deployment and licensing --> Licesing for CODESYS Store)Before you publish a library, please make sure that the lib meets the required prerequisites. For example you need to register a unique library namespace.  2.) You can not create a package from a compiled library. But you can add a compiled library to a package. To create a package, you need to install the CODESYS Package Designer which is available for free through the CODESYS Store (Link: https://store.codesys.com/package-designer.html).The Package Designer is well described. To see an example package, just download any package from the store and open it by the package designer. I hope I could help you. Good luck on publishing your library BR,KevinR

_________________Building & Process Automation with HVAC Library for CODESYS© - www.hvac-automation.com

Tks so much KevinR.You do understand it.Attachment:library.pngAre the path for deeper information about licensing is wrong?

