I have declared an FB with VAR_IN and VAR_OUT data types I call the FB from a _MAIN having declared the FB data typeAttachment:codesys_fb_query_1.jpgWhen I call the FB from _MAIN why am I required to provide an Input parameter and not an output parameter ?Attachment:codesys_fb_query_2.jpgI am sure there is a simple answer to this, but the CODESYS help files do not ( to me at least ) reveal the answer as quickly as one might expect.

OK, the input isn't required. Attachment:codesys_fb_query_3.jpgBut it does look a bit like that when you first create the rung ?

Just enjoy the fact it doesn't need all arguments passing.Pp

Hi moggsie,moggsie wrote:OK, the input isn't required. codesys_fb_query_3.jpgBut it does look a bit like that when you first create the rung ?You can remove ??? either. RegardsRoman

Roman,Thanks for the reply   Yes, the ??? can be removed.It's just that I was confused that the output from the FB never prompted for an output parameter, whereas the input parameter looked like it was required ( though in the end not necessary ).In fact, it was not even possible to enter an output parameter on the highest output row/position.Try it, and you will see what I mean.It does not appear to be logical or consistent behaviour, which always makes me think about what else could cause fun.

Drag an 'assignment' from the toolbox

where's that in the online manual ?Just asking. I know it's probably in there, but you've obviously a lot more experience than I have.

Attachment:fb_assigment.wmvHere's a little video to show how "assigments" seem to me behave non-intuitively. I'm sure there's  trick, but it's not obvious for the simple-minded.

To put it bluntly, though I applaud CODESYS for striving to develop an open(ish) platform , it seems to me that there are a few too many "features" that will make this programming environment a niche product. It needs more "polish" before it enters the mainstream.That said, TIAPortal, RSLogix, Proworx, Unity et al have all been through this pain. Some are still there ( and for balance throw in GE CIMPLICITY Control too ! )

