Hi,I have an application which has my device added. The device is set to 192.168.111.222When I test application I have to scan my gateway and find my device. I can also add a device and rename it so I can identify it. This gives it the form of something like WillsDevice[00DE] activeOnce active I can download my application to device.Later (perhaps after shutting down PC etc) I try and download project again. However CoDeSys states I must rescan my network. Now I can see my old device greyed out and a new device WillsDevice[0058.A0DE]. I also notice that this is the same as my Gateway "Gateway-1:0058.A0DE"Can someone provide me a bit more information about this "Address". How is it calculated, why does it change?Is there anyway of making this static?I want to make an automated program but I can't fully automate it if at various times the Device settings saved in the project need to be updated because Gateway address has changed.Many thanksWill

The number is automatically configured.When you are directly connected to the controller by an Ethernet cable, the number normally consists of only 4 digits, and is a hexadecimal presentation of the last segment of the IP address: 222 = 16#DEWhen you are in a network with a router, you will see that the number will change in 2 segments, where the messages can be routed to other networks (or even passed through serial/CAN connections). This number will then reference to the router/gateway.If your device supports TCP/IP programming it might be easiest for you to add a device manually in the communication settings dialog.In the dialog you can then specify the IP address of your device. In this case the address will not change.Add device => IP address "192.168.111.222" => set active.

I'll try deleting all devices then adding via TCP address as opposed to automatic assignment....Having done this my device reappears but is now WillsDevice[192.168.111.222:11740]However, after closing down CoDeSys and restarting when I load project and scan network my active device is now set to:WillsDevice[00DE] so I suspect I am going to soon be in the same situation as before.

What happens if you don't scan, but just go directly online after opening the application?Probably (hopefully   ) the previous used channel is still active and you can go directly online.

Yes, this does normally work. But sometimes if I shut down the device and my PC then when I go to reconnect it asks me to rescan.

Hi please I would like to know how can I calculate [00E5.900B] my gateway is configured by CANthanks

