I got a new PLC (program with CoDeSys 3.5) and I have a few "old" PLC's (program with CoDeSys 2.3).Between the old PLC's I share some info with help of Network variable's, it works ok.So now I would like to share info with the new PLC in the same way and was looking at "Network variable list (receiver)", I addend the library "NetVarUdp".Well I can't import the old PLC list of variables and I can't add any variables at all.So the show stopper may be that NetVar's protocol is not compatible between CoDeSys v2.3 and v3.5?

k2teknik wrote:I got a new PLC (program with CoDeSys 3.5) and I have a few "old" PLC's (program with CoDeSys 2.3).Between the old PLC's I share some info with help of Network variable's, it works ok.So now I would like to share info with the new PLC in the same way and was looking at "Network variable list (receiver)", I addend the library "NetVarUdp".Well I can't import the old PLC list of variables and I can't add any variables at all.So the show stopper may be that NetVar's protocol is not compatible between CoDeSys v2.3 and v3.5?Check CODESYS help:Quote:Configuring network variable communication between V2.3 and V3 controllersRequirements: A global variable list exists in a V2.3 project with network variables that you want to read into your V3 project. In the V3 project in the device tree below the controller, there is an application with a program that uses the variables.. 1. Open the Properties dialog box of the GVL in the V2.3 project (sender). 2. Insert another controller into the project as a dummy with an application and a task. Then create the V2.3 GVL below it as follows: 3. Below the dummy application, insert a Network Variable List (Sender) object named "dummy23".  4. Right-click dummy23 to open the Properties dialog box. Click the Network properties tab. Type the same network properties as the GVL in the V2.3 project. 5. Fill dummy23 with the same variable declarations as in the V2.3 GVL. 6. Define a save location for an export file "dummy23.gvl" in the Link To File tab of the Properties for dummy23. 7. Set the application of the dummy controller as active and press [ F11 ] to compile. CODESYS creates the export file. 8. Set the application of the physical controller as active and right-click to open the Add Object dialog box. 9. Select Network Variable List (Receiver) and type a name (for example, "NVL_from_23"). 10. Select the Import from file check box and select dummy23.gvl, which was generated previously. 11. Check NVL_from_23, which has just been created. You must receive the same variable declarations as those in the sender GVL in the V2.3 project. 

e.kislov wrote:Check CODESYS help:I been there but my version did not give me that much info on the first few searches.But I got that much that I need to make (export) a .gvl file, and then use that in my project.

So is there a way to Send a NVL over CAN to a v2.3 device?

