Hi,How can I edit the parameters of a library that is referenced in my library?

In version 3 it is different than version 2 where you would just redefine the constant.  You must open the library manager, open the library with the parameters, view the parameters.  Now you can enter in your own value.

_________________Scott CunninghamKEB America, Inc.www.kebblog.comwww.kebamerica.com

Dear Scott,Thank you for your answer. But this does not work. As you can see in the picture below I have referenced MyLib1 library in MyLib2 library and the parameters from MyLib1 are not editable. Maybe it's a bug or maybe this is how is supposed to work, could not find anything in the Online Help.

Hi,you need to use the 'space key' on your Keyboard or make y double click by mousethis make the line editable.One mouse click is not enough BREdwin

Hi Edwin,I know that this is how is supposed to work.In your example the value column is flagged as editable. If you look in my example the value column is flagged as not editable and I don't understant why.

Hi,my screenshot is from the project not from the library!Add the library to the project and edit the paramter in the project project which is using your library.Changing this in the library makes not really sense.Chaning parameters in an library (which is in another library) is not supported. (like in your screenshot)BREdwin

Thank you for your answer!Quote:Changing this in the library makes not really sense.Actually it makes sense, at least in my case. For example, in my library I have a referenced the MySQL library from Store and I can't change the maximum number of rows which is given as a Parameter, because Codesys does not allow me to edit parameters of a library referenced by another library. But if it can't be done then I will try to find another solution.

Quote:Actually it makes sense, at least in my case. For example, in my library I have a referenced the MySQL library from Store and I can't change the maximum number of rows which is given as a Parameter, because Codesys does not allow me to edit parameters of a library referenced by another library. But if it can't be done then I will try to find another solution.Hello Ciprian,I just have the same issue with the not editable parameter list with using MySQL-Library in my own created library. Have you already found a possibility how to make the parameter list editable?Thanks a lot in advance for your reply.

