I know this might be more of a WAGO question, but I thought I would ask. I have a 750-820 PLC and was working with the Trends features in CODESYS 3.5. After downloading an application, one of the trend graphs displayed 'Out of View' and another said the drive was full. (I have six trend graphs on one screen.) I'm using the 2 hour demo license version 3.5.11. So I thought the time might have expired. I pulled the power, waited for about 15 seconds and plugged the power back in. The Orange I/O lights flash. Then, the SYS light turned green and finally, the RUN light turned RED. The mode switch is in the 'RUN' position. However, I lost connectivity to the PLC. Using NMAP, I see that only port 1217 is open. Port 22 or 80/443 are not open. So I connected a console cable and opened 'screen' (linux) at 115200 (and other rates). Nothing prints in the console. So... I tried a factory reset by holding down the RST button and the RESET button for 10 seconds. Nothing happened. So it looks like Codesys somehow bricked the PLC.How can I recover? Thanks for any tips.

Hi,how to restore the firmware:Just bring the original Wago firmware image to an sd card.(request it from the Wago Homepage, you'll get a email with the download link)Boot from this sd card, then goto the WBM webbased Management in the Browser.Copy the Firmware from sd card back to internal Flash of the Controller.For testing purpose you could also deplay the CODESYS V3 runtime to the running sd card (boot from it, deploy the runrtimeand work out of the SD card)For treding i would recommend to work ouot of internal Flash and store the trend database to the SD card.(exesive writing to internal flash will probably destroy it, maybe same with the sd flash, but then you could Change the sd card)BREdwin

Thanks Edwin. I contacted Wago this morning and they said the same thing. Wago was very responsive and provided me with the necessary link to the updated firmware and instructions within an hour of making the request. Boy - I was nervous for a while! I'm glad I had the 750-920 cable on hand.I found a You Tube video that reference FBC Update program to update the firmware. Apparently, that's an old way of updating the firmware. The new way uses a web browser and SD Card, as per your description.Good tip on the SD Card. I'll figure out how to do that. I would hate to destroy the internal flash. Thank you, very much.

