Why does function "Save recipe changes to files automatically" NOT work? What is the sense of this function and how is ment to be used.I have solved my way by setting timer every 60sec to save variables to current file.via:Code:RecipeManCommands.ReadRecipe(sRecipeDef, cRecipe);It works but is anoying and when unsuspected shutdown happens right in middle saving writes 000 to file.how to handle auto save variables?BRAlex

I am also interested in the answer to Alex's question.The PLC I use does not have a lot of persistent retain memory, so I use the recipe system to backup and restore system parameters on a machine power cycle.  This is also really helpful during the development stage when you are making a lot of changes to the PLC and a full download erases your retain memory.What we have done for now is to create a function block and reads the name of each variable in the recipe file and then use the IEC Var Access library to request that variable's value by its name.  I can then walk through the entire recipe file and if any value has changed, I can initiate the recipe save.  I did this because if you were to just save the recipe file every minute or so, you would eventually render the flash memory in the controller unusable due to the limited number of writes you can have.The downside of this method is that you cannot actually get the actual variable name from the recipe.  Instead, there is a column for the user to type in their own descriptive name which can be accessed through the IEC program.  So for every variable that I add to the recipe system, I must copy and paste the variable name including the full path in the "name" column of the recipe file for this to work.  And since you can't copy/paste in the recipe editor or export to some sort of text file, this is very labor intensive in the beginning.I would love to ask an extension to the RecipeManCommand function block that would automate looking at the values or the recipe file versus the current values to know if they are different so you can initiate the save.The save changes to recipes option Alex mentioned sounds like it would do this, but I think it is for something different such as actual changes to the definition, not the actual recipe values.  I have read the help files over and over again trying to understand how the recipe system works.  It sort of makes sense to me and through a lot of trial and error, I have gotten the system to work as I need it too.

Anyone?

