Hi!I'm a student in electromecanics in belgium and i m now in england for a traineeship. (sorry for my bad english  ) My goal here is to create a test rig to see if a machine is working well.I would like to know if Codesys will allow me to control Rexroth PLC?When i try to add a device I can't find anything like Rexroth and other PLc brand.. I'm working in simulation mode because I'm not connected on the PLC right now I'm a beginner in ladder but i followed some tutorial on youtube and I did a small visualization Attachment:test visu.pngFor now it work well but I don't know how to get information back from the PLC (sensor, ...) Can someone help me to understand that a bit better ? Or give me a link for a good tutorial ? I tryed to find some in french but didnt find anything good .. and a last question : How can I take information in a texte file ? I'd like to get a texte file with all the tickle box value. Tryed to understand what recipe does but it look difficultThanks a lot Bruce

Hello, bruce1495.For me it has been 10 years since I programmed a Rexroth PLC, and that was my first introduction to CoDeSys (then version 2.3).  In fact, the CoDeSys language is used for programming many vendors' PLCs.With many vendors, however, they use their own variation of the CoDeSys software.  With Rexroth, the software used to be (an maybe still is) called IndraLogic.  With Schneider, the software is called SoMachine or SoMachineMotion.  In this manner, the vendors customize the CoDeSys software framework and libraries to support their specific PLCs.Consequently, you will probably not be able to use the CoDeSys you download from 3S-Smart Software Solutions GmbH with most vendors' particular hardware.  On the other hand, most POUs that you can write in "vanilla" CoDeSys which are not dependent on hardware-specific libraries can usually be used in those other vendors' PLCs, so long as the underlying CoDeSys language version is the same (version 2.3 vs. version 3.x).  For text-based code, you usually simply copy from one software and paste to the other.  For graphic-based code (ladder, function block diagram, SFC, CFC), you may find exporting the POU to be more useful.Once you have programming software specific to the hardware you are using, then you can consult with the help files (if they are well written) or with a knowledgeable person who knows how to make the software "see" the sensor(s) attached to the hardware and how to read from and save to text files.  Many file-handling functions are also hardware-specific and so may not resemble the examples you find in this forum (for example, http://forum.codesys.com/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=6712).Best of luck to you in your traineeship.Kind regards,Captive Engineer

thanks a lot for that answer captive engineer  that helped me a lot  i asked what was the software they have for HMI programming and they spoke me about Indralogic as you said  That's good !that means with the little experience i have on codesys , my first use on indralogic will be a little bit more easier  I ll try to find someone who have time to explain me how to export a .txt file  thanks again   bruce1495

