HelloThis worked for about 4 hours. I now see a'Object reference not set to an instance of an object' when I try to build, save, open a program...anything.Am I uninstalling Codesys again?The editor is very disappointing. Far too many bugs.

Hi,no uninstall is needed - close the editor where it happens and reopen the project does usually fix this. Which editor are you using to have this issue?If this is reproducible could we get the projectarchive?This should be fixed a.s.a.p.BREdwin

HelloIt wasn't project-specific. I had to uninstall.Thank you

It's done it again.Please advise.ph

Hi,Could you please try to give us a log file from our diagnosis tool?Please start:"c:\Program Files (x86)\3S CODESYS\CODESYS\Common\DiagnosisToolLauncher.exe"and generate a logfile and send it to us. (I will write additional an email)BREdwin

Hello all!Working - I mean try to work - in SP8 and I have the same problem. Do you found any solution?Or is this SP8 was a mistake? Since 1 week its installed I only work to fix the errors in project which were working fin in SP7. And if I fix one then a new appears immediately...(this diagnostic tool engine is not running for me either...)BR, Gergo

Hi Gergo,sounds for me like you have a problem with the Installation - does the installtions runs till the end without any Problem?If you go to the cmd line and execute%temp%how many temporarary files are then in thisC:\Users\<WindowsUserName>\AppData\Local\Temp directory?Please delete these temporary files.BREdwin

Hello Edwin,Thank you for the quick answer!I have a lot (see below). On the other hand I'm not able to delete anything from temp (windows10).Whit the installation you may right. I installed the Festo based CoDeSys, because I'm programming a Festo controller.This was definitely a mistake, even if I uninstalled it the design and everything stayed the same.Well I'm just uninstalling Codesys. Can you tell me please where should I delete the rest of the files, and when I install it back to have like a new codesys? Then I see what is going to happen.Thanks,Gergo

And one more question in case you don't mind:when I'm opening the project archive, should I have to upgrade everything or better not to?Thanks,Gergo

Hi,Depends on.CASE1:If your plc runtime version is older (and you do not plan or have the posibility to update it)->leave everything in the old version even if you work with SP8 this is possibleCASE2:If you plan to update the plc runtime  - set all to newest+ additional rightlick on the plc device in the device tree -> update device to 3.5SP8(in your case)+ additional rightlick on each fieldbus in the device tree -> update deivices to 3.5SP8 (in your case)Advantage if you have the possiblity to do CASE two (update the plc runtime too)you have a consistent Version uncluding every bugfix and new features.btw using a newer plc runtime is always possible - no matter if you stay in CODESYS Development System on an older Version.BREdwin

Hello Edwin,I see now, thank you a lot for your answer! With that helped me a lot!So now what happened that, the reinstalling of codesys helped in this "object reference..." problem.But still when I opened a project made in SP7 does not worked. Until now: I should have to leave the project settings (like you said CASE 1) because also the target and also the hardware is the old version. Than it's fine.Please let me have one more question than perhaps all the procedure is going to be clear for me.So I was trying to open project archives made in SP7, and look do I going to have error or not. So what was the best, to check everything while making the archive, and extract also everything when opening in SP8.Then I got sometimes questions that do I would like to overwrite the exist library which is the same version but changed in this project. Than I clicked yes and it worked. But I had two questions which I have no idea what they are.I attached them. So the first has no effect (I can't see anyway). And second case, if I click yes then I get that strange error but still working fine.Do you know maybe what are these options?Thanks in advance,Gergo

Hi,strange, never have seen this,could you check you do not really have Access rights on These directories which wndows (or CODESYS) complain?(Access path denied..)BREdwin

I can add some details to the original problem.  If I open Codesys then open the project with File-Open it's OK. If I double click a *.project file to open Codesys I get the problem.Hope this helpsPaul

Dear Paul,Thanks for the advice! Since I reinstalled CoDeSys its working fine in any condition. If the problem appears again then I can go for your solution.Dear Edwin,You are right again, I have really no access to this files, see below. Since I don't know what it is I did not touch. What do you think?BR,Gergo

I have experienced the same problem with lost "object references". I haven't figured out why, but I get around the problem by exporting all the POUs and then import them again in a new project.

