It appears all Wago PLCs have a default login credentials. Is there a way to disable this credential request. Typically when you try to download from the IDE, it requests username & password before executing. I'd like to disable this as we believe it may be preventing connections with Magelis HMIGTU   . Would appreciate any assistance on this.   

If you mean the web visu login that can be disabled from the web configurator. I use eCockpit and PFC200, that is the only default login that I get except on the web configurator itself.Sent from my SM-G935F using Tapatalk

teichhei wrote:If you mean the web visu login that can be disabled from the web configurator. I use eCockpit and PFC200, that is the only default login that I get except on the web configurator itself.Sent from my SM-G935F using TapatalkThanks for responding. I have including a screenshot of the login screen that i get. Ideally i could disable this. To be specific, I have a Wago 750-8206 version of the PF200. I can't download to the controller until i input these credentials. I have an OPC DA server connected as well and it wouldn't connect unless I put in the device credentials. Because of this, I am beginning to think this is preventing my Magelis HMIGTU from connecting to this PLC. Ideally I could disable this device credential request through the e!Cockpit IDE or possibly a python script.Thank you again!

Go to the web management console, ports and services, PLC runtime services and there take the tick box out of Port Authentication Enabled.That's all I had to do and I'm never being asked for a password to download.Make sure when you use a Modbus HMI that you need to enable those services under Modbus in the same area. I think they are off by default.

@teichhei THANK YOU! It took me a long time to determine WHY I couldn't connect, once i considered the UAC I didn't know where to begin. I tried the WBM but never noticed the tick on port authentification. This was a true help, the schneider magelis has a driver (ARTI3) that will communicate with the PLC using Nodename and XML file. It's the same driver that allows for comms with codesys OPC DA server. Thank you again!

Glad I could help. So you program the display with its own project software and then have some sort of an xml definition that links hmi variables to PLC variables? How does it compare to the web visu in regards to cost/performance/features? Could you connect multiple displays to a single PLC?Sent from my SM-G935F using Tapatalk

We started with Schneider M241 and 2 HMIs. It worked well. The  WebVis was just not an option because performance was so slow, way slower than HMI. Wago happened to offer us a different option so we figured we'd test for comparison sake. The Wago 750-8206 has better performance with regards to PLC, so now that I  can connect to the HMIs we are going to test the overall system performance. The gains on the PLC itself is worth the switch but of course we need numbers to quantify why it's better, to justify the change to those in charge.

