Hello!I'm using 3.5.0.4. I have 2 questions:It is possible to get X,Y absolute cordinates of mouse on screen?It is possible to controll/look variable on numpad/keypad OK button?I've searched in *.lib visuelems, but without sucess.regards,Alex

No one knows?

I know for CoDeSys2, but it doesn't help for you Btw, the shown dialog is quite uncomfortable IV V3... For example, OK doesn't close... And there are a lot of issues pending with the V3 visualizations.P.

Yes, strucc I have noticed that within visualization numpad really doesn't close, It closes visualy but it runs in background... I'm using 3.5.2.2. and it is not better..So, what all you guys are using your own dialogs?Tell me then (XY mouse) for V2 maybe It will be closer to find in V3.regards,Alex

In V2 that was SysLibTargetVisu library, and the GetLastMouseEvent function.But, in V3, each visualization is a different program, running on possibly different device... So, this is not too relevant.

alex87 wrote:So, what all you guys are using your own dialogs?For the time being I try to avoid presenting with V3 visualizations, and I keep sending bug reports to 3S  When it's needed, I find some workaround (for example tap variable binding doesn't work when the "activate property handling..." option is turned on - so I use programmable events). But there are a lot of boring issues... One thing is sure: once it's finished and debugged, - having a very nice architecture externally - will be superior, competing and replacing a lot of software used currently in this area. Also, there must be a way to develop your own visualization components, I try to investigate this currently.

Build my own visu components is not a problem, but it is rediciolus to me building my own key/numpad, because is already integrated in codesys.regards,Alex

Any news about this issue?Currently, with the library GlobalClientManager it's possible to achieve a session ID (CURRENTCLIENTID) within the VISU Code. This can be used in the VISU and PLC application to distinguish clients, with different privileges, active screens, etc.Is it possible to catch client actions (Mouse positions, or at least last activity timestamp) dependent on CURRENTCLIENTID?The task is to write a "screensaver" (dim and turn off LCD display of PLC and remote HMIs after a while), and log off users (not handled by CoDeSys user management).What I'd like to see is a meaningful Client data structure, containing:- Type of client (web/hmi)- Address of the client (IP address in case of WEB)- Last activity timestamp...I was browsing trough the libraries, but couldn't find a simple and standard solution.I ended up tu use the 2.3 compatibility libraries (GetLastMouseEvent call), but it seems to be common for all VISU client....

