I could use some help getting started here. I bought this over a year ago and shelved it because I could not get it to work. Now I've picked it up again and still can't get anywhere. First problemWhen trying to log in to PLC after making an offline change I get a pop up message "Invalid Control Panel! Width has to be 480px, height at least 20px, number of controls at least 1".  I have no idea what this means. I can undo any changes and get online again. I can't make online changes as the options are grayed out.2nd problem.I can not get any of the GPIO to function. I assume for example that GPIO4 relates to pin 16 and that it is a sinking input (apply 3.3v to pin to make pin true).Thanks for any help. It's exciting to see what is being done attaching this to industrial controls but for some reason this is stumping me while I was able to teach myself on AB, Omron, Rexroth, and Mitsubishi controllers at my job.

Hi,are you using curret version of the CODESYS developmentsystem and current Version of the Raspberry Pi Package?This message only aprears on high dpi resolutions. Which Windows version and which screen resolutions are you working with?If this is still there in current Version (3.5SP10Patchx) the workaround would be to reduce the dpi of your Screen resolutions.GPIO'sWhat happens if you open this project:"c:\Users\<YourWindowsUserName>\CODESYS Control for Raspberry PI\3.5.10.0\Examples\GPIO.project" There is this documentation here for all these examples:"c:\Users\<YourWindowsUserName>\CODESYS Control for Raspberry PI\3.5.10.0\Documentation\RaspberryPI_CodesysV3_FirstSteps_EN.pdf" Which helps usually a lot on starting to work with Raspberry PIBREdwin

Thank you for your quick reply.Versions 3.5.6 and 2.1.1. I will get the upgrades and hope that fixes my issue. I will look again at the examples for how GPIO is set up once I have the newer versions.Nikk

Dear nikk4s,I have the RPi3 in combination with codesys 3 up and running for over a year now.All issues regarding using a license in combination with DM key (dongle) are also resolved when you use the latest Codesys installation.I regularly use my RPi to experiment with the new OOP capabilities of Codesys3 and to validate several ideas that I have. It works great!Have fun, a VERY satisfied customer!

I have attempted to install my old license from install in 2015, redownloaded from email on purchase. Codemeter cannot bind CmActLicense to this machine, Error 268. I have completely uninstalled and reinstalled Codesys on laptop. Format and new Raspbian image expanded to fit same card in same pi. Found pi in scan. Only hardware change was a new hard drive in the laptop. Is this enough to make my license invalid? Can this be reinstated for the new drive? I have another license I have purchased but would prefer to save that for another pi.

Hermsen wrote:Dear nikk4s,I have the RPi3 in combination with codesys 3 up and running for over a year now.All issues regarding using a license in combination with DM key (dongle) are also resolved when you use the latest Codesys installation.I regularly use my RPi to experiment with the new OOP capabilities of Codesys3 and to validate several ideas that I have. It works great!Have fun, a VERY satisfied customer!I have a Pi2 I am trying to get relicensed right now. A Pi3 has just arrived that I will apply a new license to as soon as I can get this one working. I am glad you have had such success. It gives me hope that I will eventually sort this out and see the results I have been hoping for. This could be an excellent learning tool for me.

Another question for GPIO, I assume I should update device to GPIOs B+/Pi2 for Pi2 and Pi3? Or do I leave as GPIOs A/B?

This depends or the RPi board you have, I use a RPi3 so i use GPIOs B+/Pi2Also, install the latest codesys (at this moment 3.5 sp10) and install the latest rpi package.Then update the runtime to newest an after that update your license.PS Mod, can you move this topic to the appropriate forum?

I have done all the updates and got that error when I tried to update my license. Which forum is this topic supposed to be in?Edit:I have resolved the issues. License and I/O are working. Wireless working. Should be off and running now.

