How does the licensing work for Raspberry Pi and Codesys? If I were to create a programme, upload the code and license to my Pi, then copy the data from my SD card, put it all on another SD card would the new SD still run as a licensed programme?

Hi,No, each device (PI) need a license.The license could be activated as 'softlicense' or on an runtime key (portable license - the PI which has the runtime key plugged is licensed, (License key + Pi license needed)https://store.codesys.com/accessories/c ... mpakt.htmlIf you work with imgages of a licensed SD, you need to clean up the license directory an restart the pithen license the 'cloned' Pi.BREdwin

Ok, I have another question on the licensing. If for example I load my programme on to a Pi, then the pi SD card becomes corrupt so I have to start from scratch with the pi,  reload my operating software and my codesys programme. Do I then need to buy another license or is there a way of uploading the same license?

Hi,what do you mean with becoming corrupt by a CODESYS download, this is impossible.The only thing what may happen is, that your application contains an endless Loop, this lead maybe tosuch an behavior.But reinstall should never be needed!Which Pi do you use? Pi3, PI2 PiB+?Which CODESYS Version (3.5.11.x ?) and which Pi Version are you using?If this happens (a 100 load of the plc runtime caused by an endless Loop) the plc should stop then you could remove the bootapplication by CODESYS again(either update tool or if a Login is possible by CODESYS - rightclick in the device tree 'reset origin device')BREdwin

I am using a pi3B. I removed the power without shutting the pi down, most times this has been Ok, however one time it did corrupt the flash and I had to reinstall Raspian. So I did think if I had my pi running constantly with a codesys license  installed/activated then there was a power cut, the sd became corrupt and I had to reinstall the OS would I need to buy a new license also?

Hi,no, you could reactivate by the license update file CMLicenseNew.WibuCmRaU which you'll find on your Pi after licenseing.If you have missed to backup this file, you could request it with your original ticketnumber in the CODESYS Store helpdek (Login to your account and then -> My Question)BREdwin

