Hi all.I'm new to both raspberry pi and Codesys. I had code working and three LEDs were tuning on in the pattern as I wanted.After attempting to use a different code and changing the tags and pins it still did'nt work.Now raspberry pi wont run any program I put on it. It can turn on and off the GPIO pins through python though.I think it just dosent work for the runtime on codesys because it will download the program and everything but it just wont run it.

Hi, please Login by ssh and remove the bootapplication from the pi.sudo -scd /root/Plclogic/Applicationrm Applicaton*rebootThis is be more comfortable to execute from CODESYS with 3.5SP11 release.BREdwin

When we typed in cd/root/plclogic/Application it said "no such file or directiory"

Hi,which Version are you using ?did yousudo -sBREdwin

I'm using CODESYS 3.5 patch 4.version 4.2.1.1I did sudo -s

Thanks for fixing it. Figured I should put up how you did it.IODrvGPIO was causing the issue.Download the update here: viewtopic.php?f=21&t=5832&p=10728&hilit=gpio02#p10728 Open CODESYSGo to library managerRight click on IODrvGPIOProperties and select specific version 1.0.1.11.This fixed our issue.

I might have the same problem but do not know how to resolve that. Could you please help? I have created couple of simple projects, just with the switch and lamp and also run the codesys gpio example. Every time I have plugged the device for gpios (I have RPI3), selected the output in GPIO parameters and assigned the variable in GPIO mapping, successfully built and compiled, logged in and run, so that I could have switched the lamp in the visualization tab. And the visualization was also connected with variables. But the hardware LED did not blink. Do you have any ideas please?Also I have tried to update the IoDRvgpio but that one given in here was version 1.0.0.0, am I right?

Hey Edwin,I installed SP11, but my codesys IDE has not got your nifty Raspberry Pi dialog (your huge screenshot earlier in the post)Can you elaborate on this?

Hi,install 3.5SP11 CODESYS and update the Raspberry Pi Packet via Package Manager(search for updates )-> restart of CODESYS after doing this is neededif this does not solve it please try to add the menu command manually - Tools customizeBREdwin

Hi,After installing SP11 yesterday, offcourse i updated my RPi package.Also, the menu didn't com up (a usual bug if you ask me) so i added the menu button via customize menu. Just like your advice.But still, no *NEW* dialog, i.e. the dialog in your screenshot but the old dialog? Is this intended?

Hi,agree this should not happen,and usually it does not.Could check in the info if you see the installed PlugIn Runtime Deplay ToolIf this does not occure.. the plugin seem to be not installedBREdwin

It's installed, but the text is blue in color.I will try a reboot of my devbox.[update] reboot had no effect..[update] uninstalling x86 based IDE => installing x64 IDE[update] The new plugin works now, however some other packages do not. => new topic on this

