Hi,have example to exchange data between 2 raspi ? I have problem to do that.First one is "master":- ethernetIP scanner/adapterand other(s) is/are "slave":- ethernetIP adapter/module ?First one must generate eds files to configure other slave ?Thanks for your helps.

galexis wrote:Hi,have example to exchange data between 2 raspi ? I have problem to do that.First one is "master":- ethernetIP scanner/adapterand other(s) is/are "slave":- ethernetIP adapter/module ?First one must generate eds files to configure other slave ?Thanks for your helps.Hi, you may be better off using network variables. Is this possible for this application? Sent from my SM-N9005 using Tapatalk

On the future, more raspi "slave" will be added. I need to use ethernet ip.Thanks

galexis wrote:On the future, more raspi "slave" will be added. I need to use ethernet ip.ThanksI'm sorry, I do not understand what you mean? Sent from my SM-N9005 using Tapatalk

In the future, 1 raspi need to control several raspi on ethernet ip. I don't want use network variables.

OK,  I know this isn't going to help, I've never done this but I have seen it done and an example in this forum before. Sent from my SM-N9005 using Tapatalk

Is there any solution right now? I wanna do the same thing.

I can't post my project here because is too big.I want send 4 words and receive 4 wordsOne the first raspi, which is the mast:I have add ethernetIP adapter (from eds ....) and set like this

one raspi slave(s):I have add 8 "ethernetIP module" for each wir I want exchange

Use network variables!U just need to add a globals send list and a receive list. The send lists must be exportet, once from raspi 1 and once from raspi 2. After that you can import these lists as receive list on the different raspi's. Search at the codesys help for: configuration of network variables. There is a good step by step manual.U don't need an adapter like ethernet then. The transfer is upd.

I understand your suggestion and I will test it, but I want to know how use EiP. In the future, raspi will communicate with industrial sensor in EiP.

The problem with network variables, is load of network: everyone device of network receive questions. On professionnal networ it's not good idea, I think.

galexis wrote:The problem with network variables, is load of network: everyone device of network receive questions. On professionnal networ it's not good idea, I think.The network variables are only on a local network shared by the raspberry pis and not the general public network. These should be kept seperate really. Sent from my SM-N9005 using Tapatalk

Hi,EIP Example with two PI'sviewtopic.php?f=23&t=6247&p=17450#p17703With 3.5SP11 (July) there will be a 'device scan' available for EIP which will improve the commissioning a lot!BREdwin

Thank you very much for your example.When I try it on 2 raspi : it work.On my project: it doesn't work. I have to force to "RUNNING" estate of adapter and scanner, but no exchange.How do you "link" data on adapter/assemblies and each output or input in ethernet ip/module ? It's automatic or just add device ethernet ip module ?Thanks for your help.

All raspi must be in same project ?In your example, you have just add 1 module for input and 1 module for output: I can add as many as I want ?

Hi,''force' to running:-Update the deivce in the device tree to current Version'do they need to be in one Project?'no'add more varibales'yes, you need to add them on both sides - on adapter and on the  EIP dapter which is below the scannerBREdwin

Update device doesn't work. I have to force manually to RUNNING scanner.Actually, exchange data in my project doesn't work ... but there isn't diffrence with your project.

I have insert my POU and other device on your project : it's ok.

