Hi AllI have a problem to establish the connection with RPi for uploading the application. The PLC framework seems to beinstalled corectly, based on the codesyscontrol.log Attachment:codesyscontrol.txtHowever after creaton the application a cannot upload in to the RPi. The routers I have is Fritzbox. To roule out the network I tried to use also cross over ethernet cable for direct connection between Pri and PC, again with no sucess. Where might be the configuration error, I run out of ideas?Kind regards

Hi,if you connect the pi to your fritzbox,coould you Login by ssh (putty)?In the log we see no ipadresss from your Network only 127.0.0.0 localhost is registered.It seems that the fritzbox does not serve an IP address by dhcp.BREdwin

Hithank you for initial response. I'm able to connect with RPi using SSH. It putty it is possible by giving RPI adress as IP (192.168.) or by Hostname (raspberrypi). Should I provide any additional log to help find the problem?Regards,

HiI tried to investigate this issue more. As I wrote above, there SSH connection with RPi.After I perform the update for the PLC runtime via the codesys IDE, the log is following:Attachment:fresh_codesyscontrol.txtThe IP address in the log match the one assigned by the router. However after i perform the reset the log changes:Attachment:reboot_codesyscontrol.txtI'm not shure about most of the lines, but after the reset in the log there only localhost address. All the time the RPi is conected via cable. For me it seems that is not actually router fault but the RPi or PLC runtime configuration issue.I try to install PLC runtime on the: Raspbian Jessie Lite, Version: May 2016, Release date: 2016-05-27, Kernel version: 4.4The IDE used is Codesys V3.5 SP8; The RPi port is 3.5.8.10What kind of issue can it be?

Hi,it seems that on startup of the runtime your pi does not have a valid assigned dhcp ipaddress.Usually if the ipadress exists later the gateway should reconize this in the plc.Anyway this does not happens in your case.(Do not see the reasonn why)You could give the option in raspi-config a try "Wait for Network at boot"If this does not solve it either a restart of the runtime is needed or the runtime start should be delayedBREdwin

I set this option, but no difference. Still not possible to upload the PLC example to the RPi. The log:Attachment:waitfornet.txtHow can I reset the PLC apllication code (server) on the RPi?

Hi,you mean from linux console?sudo service codesyscontrol stopsudo service codesyscontrol startorsudo /etc/init.d/codesyscontrol stopsudo /etc/init.d/codesyscontrol startBREdwin

I try to reset the PLC runtime on the RPI as in previous post describit, however still the same connection problem:Attachment:connection_error.pngThe runtime logfrom RPi after runtime reset:Attachment:plcreboot_codesyscontrol.txtBecouse of all this problems I prabobly will start from a scratch - to install all once more.

Hi,with your last log it should work:If not use the 192.168.178.48 as Gateway in CODESYS.(add new Gateway with this address and use this to Login to the pi)BREdwin

