Hello,i build a small Raspberry application with WebVisu,I have one webvisualization page (Main) and work fine.I try to add a custom Dialog Box, if i press one button i want open the custom dialog Box (Modal).The Dialog Box is normal configured with custom background color,in the properties of the Dialog Box, Tab Visualization, i select:1) Dialog2) Use specified visualization size (600x400)In the Main Page i configure the button with InputConfiguration -> Click -> Open Dialog -> MyCustomDialog, Modal, Centered.If i run the project, and press button for open dialog, the dialog box appear with the object (button, text...),but the background color is not visible, is trasparent.... Why?Serghei

Hello everyone, I tried everything but I can not fix it, I begin to think that maybe this is not compatible with the browser?!?!

Hello, I Try with different Browser.... is always the same     Possible that no one knows about this problem?S.G.

Hi Serghei, I have no problem with Codesys 3.5.10.See attachments, maybe they can help you.

Hi Massimo,Thank you veri grazie for the answer   I open your project, i see you dont'use Raspberry control, you use Windows Runtime?I have Codesys V3.5 SP8 Patch 3, compiler version 3.5.8.30.My device version is Raspberry 3.5.8.10.I think it's a Codesys bug....Is there a technical support Codesys?Serghei Garau

hi Serghei,but why not updating to 3.5SP10 on RaspberryPI package / Runtime and CODESYS Development System.All updates are free of charge no new license is needed.If it is solved your Problem in this version I do not see a reason to stay on the older Version.BREdwin

Hi Edwin,ok i try to update.... im sorry but I did not know that there's a new update.ThankyouSerghei

Hello Edwin, I did the update to version 3.5.10.0 "CODESYS Control for Raspberry Pi SL"After compiling i become a lot off errors (501 errors),What should I do? There is something else to be updated?For other Devices I use only PIFACE DIGITAL 2 SPI SLAVE...

Ops....I See now my PC software Codesys are to update to version 3.5.10   Maybe this is the problem, im sorry now i try again....

Hi,everything should be in current version... and even in your existing project update the plcin the device tree to current Version (rightlick- Update Device)BREdwin

Hi, I installed the new version 3.5.10, the problem of transparency now is solved   But unfortunately if the window appears on the button that I pressed,the button takes the background color of the window for half of its surface   I move the window so it does not appear over the button and there is no problem ... in the meantime I okay but as soon as there will be more time we have to solve this problem ...Also unfortunately, there is another problem that manifests itself, but this is different from the topic, I will make an additional topic ...Thanks and sorry if I have not updated the softwareSerghei

