I just bought a license and didn't realize I needed a security key... will any USB dongle work, or do I have to buy the one from CodeSys? Also, does the key go into my computer, or does it go into the RaspberryPI?

Hi,you have the choice, either activate the ticket as 'softlicense' then you will not need this runtime key.(http://store.codesys.com/accessories/co ... mpakt.html)Using the runtime license key is optional - if you  need a portable license (the PI which has the key plugged is licensed)then USB Runtime Key is a good option.See the how to license FAQ:viewtopic.php?f=22&t=5641&p=10688#p10688and do not Forget to generate your backup license after activation.BREdwin

Dear Edwin,Which licensing(Soft license or compact key-USB dongle) will be better to port the license from one system to another?In case of hardware failure or some some other reason, if I would like to carry the license from one system to another(for example BeagleBone Black).   Regards,Kumar Eswaran

Hi,a portable license is only possible if you use the Runtime Key as license store.https://store.codesys.com/accessories/c ... mpakt.htmlBREdwin

Hi guys....Is there any possibility to transfer licence from RPi2 to RPi3 ?

Hello people,How can I activate Modbus TCP license for my device?I have a device where I'm using Modbus TCP communication but it shown in the Codesys with orange: it is a demo version if I'm right. In case I want to activate should I by the one from the store called as CODESYS Modbus TCP Master SL and I attached as picture?After what I will get? A 3S.dat file? There is one already on the device I guess I shouldn't overwrite that, or? Finally if I go to the PLC Settings and Edit Licenses I got an error message, attached as picture. Or I should write that file to a pendrive?Thank you,Gergö

Hi,which plc are you using?Manufacturer need to support 'single licenseing' mean a codemeter component should be build in.Then a runtime USB Key could be used for the license.I would recommend to ask the plc manufacturer for his advice.BREdwin

