Attachment:Capture.PNGHello, Edwin--I have a dongle with license on it.  It works just fine on one Rasperry Pi.  When I plug the dongle into another Raspberry Pi then power-up the Pi, I can't start the Visualization.  If, however, I power-up the Pi without the dongle plugged-in, the visualizaiton starts just fine; once the visualization is running I then plug the dongle in....the Pi continues to work just fine and does not crap out after the 2-hours.Also, if I power-up the Pi with the dongle plugged-in, and try to start the visualization....i just continuously get the circle and I can no-longer connect to the Pi thru the ethernet.Please help.  thank you, RohitPs. I didn't do anything but plug the dongle into the Pi.  I can, however, see the green checkbox on the dongle when I look at it on the PI thru PLC Settings.

Hi,could you give some additional Information on the Situation that the Pi does not work even with plugged dongle.1. wee need the following commands executed in the linux Shell (Login by ssh - putty for example)dmesglsusb2. The plc logfile (either in CODESYS or by cat 7tmp/codesyscontrol.log)BREdwin

Hello, Edwin--hope you folks enjoyed your Thanksgiving Holiday.  Alright, so from PTTY (connected to the Pi....with the Codesys Dongle plugged in (mind you at this point the program is not running and I am not able to login from the Codesys IDE), this is what I get when I execute the two commands your requested:  dmesg.txt and lsusb.txtAttachment:dmesg.txtAttachment:lsusb.txtAnd, sadly I don't understand how you want me to send you the log file from Codesys....please provide further instruction.Thank you, Rohit

Hello, Edwin--So with the Key Dongle plugged into the Pi at power-up, I can't connect to the Pi with Codesys (I make multiple attempts at re-scanning the network, but no Pi is discovered).  When I do power up the Pi with the dongle plugged in, I'll get ~30 seconds of PLC running (i.e. I have an LED setup as flasher so I can see), but then the PLC locks up and no more flashing.  I'm still able to move about in the Pi using X, ptty, etc. (Pi is still running as a computer).When I power up the Pi without the dongle plugged in to the USB, I can connect to the Pi and go online.  In the log file I see "no runtime license running in Demo Mode(~119 minutes)".  Then when I plug the dongle in (after the PLC is started in demo mode), in the log file I see: "runtime licensed" and the PLC and visualization continue to run fine.So, long & short of it:  The Pi wont start Codesys nor allow connection to the Codesys IDE if the dongle is plugged-in at power up.Help

Hi,hm.. strange need be checked online.Could you send a request on 'my question' in the CODESYS store (Login with you account)BREdwin

Yes, Edwin, I have submitted the request under "My Question".  thank you.

