Hi,I'm trying the demo examples of the raspberry pi. but non seem to work.i'm using 2.0.1.0 together with 3.5sp6when i open sample i get the message: one or more library references in this project failed to load.please take a look in the messages view for further detailsthan i get project environment dialog:current compiler version in project 3.5.5.20recommended, newest version 3.5.6.0if i choose the action to update 3.5.6.0i system does something (not clear what)if i scan for raspberry pi, the device is foundwhen i login, it comilesbut i get 501 errors....What can i do?

I'm guessing, the first thing they will probably want you to do is make a project archive of your project, so that they can see if something is messed up.File --> Project Archive --> Save --> then click save on the bottom of the next window.

Hi,in that case ... no, you only need to download the missing libraries by the  LicenseManager.Maybe you should switch under Tools-Options-Features- Professional then you see all libraries in the LibraryManaagerIn 3.5SP6 you could download missing libraires and devices (to download devices is a new feature in 3.5SP6)BREdwin

I can install libraries in the library repository.But where can i download them?

Hi,see screenshot --- if there are libraries with a '!'  these are the one you are missingdon't Forget o Switch to "professional"  under the Tools-Options-Feature setsBREdwin

ok, i got it....i'm having trouble with activating my license...is the license server up and running?but first i need to get my rapberry pi back up... at least de codesys runtime.... i can't find it anymore on the network.i did a upgrade of the raspberry pi last night. it must have broken something....can i start the runtime manually?

Hi,1. currently there is a problem on the license server / actvation is not possible2 manually start the runtime:first do a stop (if license time expired on a demo Pi)you need to: sudo /etc/init.d/codesyscontrol stopthen sudo /etc/init.d/codesyscontrol stopBR EdwinPS: IF you are updating wheezy / and the kernel by rpi-update you have then 3.18 kernel which have some new featuresfor example device tree support, which makes some changes in the /boot/config.txt necesarry,we will try to take all this changes into account with the new 3.5SP6 release next week.For those who can't wait with the new kernel and CODESYS Runtime:please add to /boot/config.txt dtparam=i2c_arm=ondtparam=spi=ondtoverlay=w1-gpio-pullup,pullup=1to have I2C / SPI and 1Wire with the new kernel and CODESYS Runtime

What must i do to make the raspberry pi demo's visible via hdmi output?I only see consoles.... no graphic view...kind regards

Hi,usuallly you execute http://PiIPAddress:8080/webvisu.htm on your windows pc. (Webvisu)If you want to see the webvisu on the PI:you need to install chrominum:sudo apt-get update && apt-get upgrade -ysudo apt-get install chromium x11-xserver-utils unclutterstartxstart then chromium and goto http://localhost:8080/webvisu.htm BREdwin

so i can not use it as an application who makes the graphics on my screen.I Always have to use a browser?and what if my PLC has a connected screen?can't i visualize the graphic screens without browser?

Hi,Raspberry Pi does only support Webvisualisation not TargetVisu,you could execute chromium in fullscreen kiosk mode... if needed.How to do this?We need to prevent screen from going blank and disable screen saver.– edit /etc/xdg/lxsession/LXDE/autostart and comment # screen saver line and add those lines:@xset s off@xset -dpms@xset s noblank@chromium --kiosk --incognito http://some.web.bla.blubBREdwin

can't i make HMI visualization?i'm investigating codesys if it is a solution for us:We are building our own PLC with a connected touch screen on LVDS.The screen MUST visualize the application !!We are planning on using an efus board from f&sand want to connect touch screen via LVDS.Are you saying that we are obligated to use a webbrowser?

Hi,if you build your own plc based on CODESYS based on an Linux System,you could install QT on your system (Linux) and then you need to have the targetvisu feature.Then you have visualisation on your local screen connected to your plc.BREdwin

can't i install QT on my raspberry pi?What about odroid hardware family?www.hardkernel.comcan i use that platform for codesys?

I installed qt4 now on the raspberrystill don't see my visualization...do i have to do something extra?

Hi,come on.. I have written on a regular plc maybe Linux based, not onthe teaching platform Raspberry Pi.On the Pi only webvisu is posiible.BREdwin

