I have a RPI 3 with codesys on it and a Siemens S7-315 with a 343 lean 1 ethernet card on it. Have a small program in the S7-315 that is written and loaded with simatic manager. I want to use the RPI 3 that has a 7" touch screen on it, as a HMI. I need to be able to control bits in the PLC from the HMI and display variables from the plc on the HMI.I think the data should be transferred back and forward using OPC, but have no idea how to set this up. Could someone point me in the direction of a step by step guide, showing how to setup each end of the connection, and test. I have been playing for almost 2 weeks now but no progress atall, so need some help if possible.

Hi lozzer65,If you want to use OPC, use Kepware OPC Server and 2 drivers. Either OPC Connectivity Suite (UA-Client for PRi3) or Codesys Driver (6.2 Codesys support Codesys 3,x) and Siemens Suite, when you will be able to have data to/from both devices. You can then link them together using Advanced Tags or LinkMaster. Theis solutions could be it. Please le me know if I can assist you further on.Best Regards,Peter Grotelozzer65 wrote:I have a RPI 3 with codesys on it and a Siemens S7-315 with a 343 lean 1 ethernet card on it. Have a small program in the S7-315 that is written and loaded with simatic manager. I want to use the RPI 3 that has a 7" touch screen on it, as a HMI. I need to be able to control bits in the PLC from the HMI and display variables from the plc on the HMI.I think the data should be transferred back and forward using OPC, but have no idea how to set this up. Could someone point me in the direction of a step by step guide, showing how to setup each end of the connection, and test. I have been playing for almost 2 weeks now but no progress atall, so need some help if possible.

Hi PeterThank you for your reply to my question.When you say if I want to use OPC, is there a different method that I have missed to transfer data to/from the s7-315. I just want the easiest method over ethernet so that I can turn the RPI 3 with screen into a low cost HMI.Thanks lozzer65

