Good night everybody, I am having a problem trying to control the Raspberry 2 B using the Codesys. I have had a similar problem some time ago and I solved that by downgrading to an older version of the Raspberry Control (2.2.0.1). The problem is this time it is not working. I am using the same configurations and Raspberry model, the only changes are the hardware, but still the same model, and this time I am using a free version of Codesys. Can somebody give me a hand please?

Hi,are you using latest Rasbian distribution?Either Jessi or Jessi light?https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/This should work.BREdwin

The problem is that I had already used this same Rasbian Jessi in other 2 Raspberrys model B and both are working well, after doing the downgrade to 2.2.0.1, but now I have other 5 Rasps that are not keeping the connection with Codesys.

Hi,could you try:sudo apt-get updatesudo apt-get dist-upgradesudo rpi-updateif this doe not solve it we need a cat /tmp/codesyscontrol.logBREdwin

Hi, Mr. Schwellinger, thanks for helping out. Using that command I got the following:SysFileGetSize_[251]: stat(.UserMgmtDB.csv): No such file or directory

Hi,could you login by' putty'  / ssh and then do:cat /tmp/codesyscontrol.log and paste or give us a screenshot of this output here?This line seems not the reason for it.. maybe I'm wrong.BREdwin

Hi Mr. Schwellinger, can the problem be the free version of Codesys? I have two paid licenses and they are working well.

Good afternoon everyone, now I cannot connect the rasp, even for a few seconds. The raspi is identified when I update the pi but not when I scan for device, not even when I put the ip directly. Can someone give me a hint?I am using a free version of Codesys. The two paid ones are working well.

Hi,if you give us the output of which I asked for before I'm sure we could help.This has nothing to do with the license or anything else I'm really sure.cat /tmp/codesyscontrol.log BREdwin

Good night everybody. The image requested is below

Hi,thanksIf these is Debian Jessi so these commands should solve it:sudo apt-get updatesudo apt-get dist-upgradesudo rpi-updateBREdwin

Good morning Mr. Schwellinger, I did that but it didn't solve my problem. I am sending an attached image. It's the same as prior to the update.

Hi,then please write an email to supportto solve/investigate it.BREdwin

I will do it. Thank you.

