I'm having difficulty connecting to my Raspberry Pi with Codesys.I have completed the following steps.1. Downloaded the Raspberry Pi image file and flashed it via Win32DiskImager onto a SD card 16GB.2. Login into Raspberry Pi remotely via Putty other ethernet.3. Powered up the Raspberry Pi and determined the IP Address via the ifconfig command.4. Successfully ping via the IP Address. Unsuccessful ping via command "ping raspberrypi".5. Downloaded and installed Codesys V2.36. Downloaded and installed Codesys V3.5SP6Patch1 Release7. Open Codesys V3.8. Open sample project "VisuDemoMobile".9. Double clicked on "PLC_MACHINE" at the top of the project tree.10. Clicked on tab "Communications Settings".11. Note that my gateway is showing a healthy green indication.12. Clicked button "Scan Network" and my Raspberry Pi in not found and I'm unable to connect.Please advise what I need to do in order to connect and download.

Hi,there is a problem on some(for sure if you use trend) projects with current 3.5.6.0 Runtime,therefore we will release after easter holiday a new runtime version 3.5.6.20 which will solve this.I will send you a release candidate & we will release a new version probably next week. (After 3.5.6.20 is released)You will find other Example Projects for the raspberry pi here:"c:\Users\<YourWindowsUserName>\CODESYS Control for Raspberry PI\2.1.0.0\Webvisu.project"To update the runtime you need to copy the codesyscontrol_arm_raspberry_V3.5.6.20.deb to your pi(this you could do by plug the SD Card to your windows pc and copy it to the sd partition which you see then)After booting the Pi with the SD card login by ssh (putty – google it unknown how to use it)executesudo dpkg –i /boot/codesyscontrol_arm_raspberry_V3.5.6.20.deb  BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:there is a problem on some(for sure if you use trend) projects with current 3.5.6.0 Runtime,therefore we will release after easter holiday a new runtime version 3.5.6.20 which will solve this.I will send you a release candidate & we will release a new version probably next week. (After 3.5.6.20 is released)Do you released 3.5.6.20 runtime or when it will be available?Thanx

