I would like to show a visualization on the screen of my PI. Is that possible? How?I tried the multitouch example in the store and converted it to a raspberry. It does not give an error message but nothing is shown on a screen connected to the Raspberry neither.I see many different communication ways like SPI, GPIO, Ethernet but I do not see the HDMI interface in the tree of available devices...Pleasde tell me that it is possible!

Hi,Target Visu is not supported you could use Chromium in kioks mode, this is then like fullscreen targetvisu:How to archive this?You need to install the following:1. Install chromium, x11-xserver-utils and uncluttersudo apt-get update && apt-get upgrade -ysudo apt-get install chromium x11-xserver-utils unclutter2. We need to prevent screen from going blank and disable screen saver.– edit /etc/xdg/lxsession/LXDE/autostart and comment # screen saver line and add those lines:@xset s off@xset -dpms@xset s noblank@chromium --kiosk --incognito http://localhost:8080/webvisu.htmanother option would be to use a Pi2 and use the Empipany Browser which is installed on Raspian Wheezy.Pi 2 is needed because on the old Pi's (all others except Pi 2 ) this browser does not work with the plc webvisu.BREdwin

Dear EdwinThanks for the quick reply. I will try the browser. But I am disappointed because the possibilities are limited in Epihany especially when it comes to multitouch. Is there a plan to support TargetVisu?

Hi,not sure because I have no touch connected to the pi,but with 3.5SP6 multi touch should be supported in Webvisu.So if you have really a multitouch enabled/supported  touchscreen (from hardware side) this shouldwork.Which device (LCD/Touch) do you plan to use? Not sure if there are many out there (which really have hw multitouch support) and available for the Pi,maybe I'm wrong.There are no plans to support Targetvisu for the Raspberry Pi at the moment.BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:not sure because I have no touch connected to the pi,You should get one!   Edwin Schwellinger wrote:but with 3.5SP6 multi touch should be supported in Webvisu.Really? I use Iceweasel now and I can display the demos. But they behave just like a website. What does not work is to _ with gestures or to switch tabs with swiping. No difference between a codesys website and other websites here.Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Which device (LCD/Touch) do you plan to use? Not sure if there are many out there (which really have hw multitouch support) and available for the Pi, maybe I'm wrong.I use the Beetronics 10" touch. I plan to use a 14" from Chalk-Elec too. AFAIK you don't need a special Raspberry touch. Any HDMI touch should work. At least I didn't install any drivers.

Hi,have you activated moultitouch handling?BREdwin

I got the multitouch example to run on Raspberry using Iceweasel or Epihany. Kweb did not work because it does not support HTML5 canvas.In this example, multitouch is of course enabled by default  However, the only multitouch effect that works is to adjust one slider. _, flicking, adjusting multiple sliders does not work.

Hi,attached a video, which should show that multi touch is possible with 3.5SP6on webvisu.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kWMKM8OcSEAre you sure your local connected pi devices support multitouch?BREdwin

Hi Edwin,I have configure the raspberry pi2 as follow your step to get chromium to autostart and point to webvisu.But nothing happen when PI2 restart.Please kindly advice.PI2 is using Raspbian Debian Wheezy from Raspberry PI and Codesys are install via the deb file.Thank youJohn.----------------------------------------------------------------I have figure out on the PI2 there is 2 LXDE folder, 1:LXDE ;2:LXDE-pi. it shall change the autostart in the LXDE-pi folder.now my pi2 is working with Chromium autostart and point to local webvisu.

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:attached a video, which should show that multi touch is possible with 3.5SP6 on webvisu.I got the chalk-elec screen and it does not work as well. The driver for touchscreen has vendor id 0eef and PID a107 (D-Wav Scientific). As far as I understand, recent raspian supports multitouch in the kernel. I followed the instruction on the chalk-elec FAQ but it does not change anything. the hid_multitouch module is loaded by default. But the screen behaves like a mouse, no guestures are recognised.What did you do to enable multitouch? Or did you use another device (not raspberry based) on the youtube video?

Hi,the CODESYS Project is from the CODESYS store:http://store.codesys.com/multitouch-example.htmlchanged the plc device to the Raspberry pi (update plc update Compiler and visuprofile)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kWMKM8OcSEBREdwin

With device I did not mean the "device" in Codesys development system but the hardware device (screen with multitouch). I do not see in the video if the screen is connected to a raspbery (by HDMI and USB).

Hi,I do not have a hardware device which is connected by HDMI which does support multitouch sorry for that.The only thing what I could prove is:Webvisu could handle multitouch Inputs / gesturesI have a Pi loaded with these attached project - I have connected the Pi with Andoid or IPad and I use then the browser of the IPad or Android for the Webvisu with multitouch.Now we need to figure out why this does not work with chromium or which browser do you use for the test with the local webvisu on the pi at the moment?BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Now we need to figure out why this does not work with chromium or which browser do you use for the test with the local webvisu on the pi at the moment?I tried many browsers but chromium seems to be a good choice since it supports command line parameters and it seems faster than iceweasel. Epihany is fast but offers no kiosk mode.It may be possible this is no Codesys issue but Linux related. I am new to operating Linux with touch. I will try more command line options soon, I've seen there is a --touch-enable and --enable-viewport option.

When I try the option --enable-viewport I get a really bizarre picture so this doesn't work.When I try the option --touch-enable Chromium starts but I get many error messages. The first one of them was "Failed to load NSS libraries." which I could remove with "sudo ln -s /usr/lib/arm-linux-gnueabihf/nss/ /usr/lib/nss"The other errors are "ERROR: browser_main_loop.cc [] GLib-GObject: Attempt to load property GtkSettings...libgtk2.0-0 and libgtk 2.0-bin are installed. Installing the sources libgtk2.0-dev did not help.Also the Codesys example does not work in Epihany or Iceweasel even if I try "echo W X Y Z > /sys/module/hid_multitouch/drivers/hid\:hid-multitouch/new_id" in /etc/rc.confAny ideas? I think multitouch is essential for a modern embedded system.

I just managed to get my very first gesture to work on raspberrypi: I used Iceweasel with Grab and Drag 3.2.5.2 extension. I am able to scroll a normal web page now using flicks. No multitouch with Codesys yet...This link might be interesting: Debian is not known for his multitouch support as oppoed to android.

Hi,I just setup a target visu on my raspberry the way you described it here. But I got a small problem. F.E. I have a visualisation with the size of "1920x1200" set to automatic screen size. The Webvisualisation elelement is set to "Anisotropic".Screen size is "800x480". I run "chromium-browser --kiosk http://127.0.0.1:8080/webvisu.htm". The Visualisation is loaded, but it does not use the full screen size ( see picture). But when I hit refresh the whole screen is used.

