i have installed  codesys  3.5.11.4installed raspberry pi package  3.5.11.2update raspberry does not show in tools.have read  simulair problems in forumcannot install this manual in tools : custumize , because it does not show up.the raspberry is working fine on other pc with 3.5.11.4  and same packagefound the debian file in c/users/user/codesys control arm raspbery v3.5.11.2.deb.can you help?

Did you restart CODESYS after installation? Sadly that's necessary after first install.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

yes restarted, both raspberry and  pc.have made a little progressupdate  raspberry is  now  in tools tabfound it in tab tools /customize / command icons / runtime deploy tools / update  raspberry pi . raspberry scanned  and found .on next step  :package version install i get an error: erroroutput:codesyscontrol.bin:no process found insserv: script codesyscontrol is not an executable regular file, skipped!how  can i fix this ?

Sounds like there is a corrupted installation on the Pi. First you can check the current status of the installation by clicking on "system information". If you find that there seems to be a package (half-) installed, you should try to remove it (and recheck with "system information").If that doesn't help, you might try to remove it manually.Start puttyLogin to the piType: sudo dpkg -r --purge codesyscontrolI'm currious about your results... Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

logged in from other  pc and it works  okget the same errror butevrything looks ok (it controls a steppermotor )must be something on pc  because it does  not  find  the raspberry with scan .I like to check  with your advice  , but what is "  start putty  ??

downloaded putty will let you know results tomorrow tomorrow

The problem is in the pc . Not the pi.Thankx for your help

Okidoke!But if you know more about the difference between the PCs, and have an idea what we can improve in the package, let us know...Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

Question: Do I need to do anything on the raspberry pi zero to make it findable for codesys? I cannot find the device. I did also run the three recommended update commands from terminal. Raspberry pi plugin for codesys is installed and I created a new project. But as I mentioned, can't find the device.Cheers / D

It depends on the kind network interface which you are using. Only if it is an onboard one CODESYS can find it automatically. So with a Zero W you might be lucky. If you use e.g. an USB network adapter, it can't be found.But the scan feature is just for convenience. You can always just enter the IP and password manually.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

Ingo Hornberger wrote:It depends on the kind network interface which you are using. Only if it is an onboard one CODESYS can find it automatically. So with a Zero W you might be lucky. If you use e.g. an USB network adapter, it can't be found.But the scan feature is just for convenience. You can always just enter the IP and password manually.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit TapatalkThanks for info. I have tried both the built-in wi-fi address (which I can vnc perfectly) and a Ethernet-Adapter. Nothing is found by typing address or scanning.Is there a service that needs to be started on the pi? I have not specified in codesys either which type of pi I'm using. But I reckon that should not be necessary.

You're right, it is not necessary to select the kind of Pi.But to be honest, I am now not sure anymore in which state of the installation you are stuck. The procedure...1. Download RPI Package for CODESYS2. Install the Package3. (restart CODESYS if this was the first time)4. Open the Deploy Tool "Update Raspberry Pi" from the menu5. Click on scanNow you should see a list w/all Pis in your network. If not, enter the IP of the Pi, and its Password.Note, that SSH needs to be enabled on the Pi!!!6. If you are brave, you can press "install" now. If not, check the connection by clicking on "system information".7. Create a project w/ the RPI DecDesc8. Double Click on the device and scan...Actually I first thought you are stuck in step 5. This should be solved by entering the IP.If you are stuck instep 8, please try the "system information" dialog, mentioned above. It should show you if the runtime was installed and started correctly.There is the also a chance, that you have an IP conflict between your two networks. Or, that the netmask, which is configured on your PC and on your Pi don't match.To be able to scan w/ CODESYS the netmask needs to be identical on both sides. Other services (like your VNC) are less strict in this respect.If still s.th. doesn't work, I hope you can post some error messages BR,IngoGesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

Ingo Hornberger wrote:You're right, it is not necessary to select the kind of Pi.But to be honest, I am now not sure anymore in which state of the installation you are stuck. The procedure...1. Download RPI Package for CODESYS2. Install the Package3. (restart CODESYS if this was the first time)4. Open the Deploy Tool "Update Raspberry Pi" from the menu5. Click on scanNow you should see a list w/all Pis in your network. If not, enter the IP of the Pi, and its Password.Note, that SSH needs to be enabled on the Pi!!!6. If you are brave, you can press "install" now. If not, check the connection by clicking on "system information".7. Create a project w/ the RPI DecDesc8. Double Click on the device and scan...Actually I first thought you are stuck in step 5. This should be solved by entering the IP.If you are stuck instep 8, please try the "system information" dialog, mentioned above. It should show you if the runtime was installed and started correctly.There is the also a chance, that you have an IP conflict between your two networks. Or, that the netmask, which is configured on your PC and on your Pi don't match.To be able to scan w/ CODESYS the netmask needs to be identical on both sides. Other services (like your VNC) are less strict in this respect.If still s.th. doesn't work, I hope you can post some error messages BR,IngoGesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit TapatalkHallo IngoI actually wasn't aware of all those steps  But now they are done and I'm stuck on step 8.I started the service. Or at least tries to. I also tried to specify my router as gateway to see if that helped. But it didn't. Hope these pictures can show you where I'm stuck.Thanks / Dan

Do you get any error when you press install? The messages from install, as well as the output which you get when you press "system info" might help.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

Hi,please use 192.168.1.136 as Gateway, (the embedded CODESYS Gateway in the PI)then it will work.Add new Gateway with 192.168.1.136 and switch to this Gateway... then do a scan via this GatewayBREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,please use 192.168.1.136 as Gateway, (the embedded CODESYS Gateway in the PI)then it will work.Add new Gateway with 192.168.1.136 and switch to this Gateway... then do a scan via this GatewayBREdwinHello. Thank you for the tip. But still no difference. Tried with 192.168.1.136 as gateway, same port 1217. Double-checked that the service was running on the pi, then restarted it and tried again. Same effect.Cheers //Attachment:Rpi Codesys Runtime info.txt

hm... strange, the green circle on 192.168.1.136 indicate that the Gateway and plc is running.Could you remove some of the ethernet adapters seems you have 3?eth0, eth1 and ?BREdwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:hm... strange, the green circle on 192.168.1.136 indicate that the Gateway and plc is running.Could you remove some of the ethernet adapters seems you have 3?eth0, eth1 and ?BREdwinI had an ethernet adapter. It's now gone. Rebooted device, restarted codesys. Strangely no success. Has it to do with the connection being wifi? That would disqualify pi zero though.Cheers / Dan

Wifi in general works well. I use o Zero W myself.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit Tapatalk

Ingo Hornberger wrote:Wifi in general works well. I use o Zero W myself.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit TapatalkOkay, so that's not it. Only thing I can think about is somewhere I read about enhance device tree. Haven't found that setting.Cheers

Hi. Tried a clean install of raspbian followed by codesys runtime and a complete update of all:Sudo Apt-get upgradeSudo Apt-get Dist-upgradeSudo Rpi-updateOnly thing i cant find is "enable device tree".Could someone send me a simple codesys-project where I can test connection against my rpi? This to rule out any fault of mine here.Cheers

Ingo Hornberger wrote:Do you get any error when you press install? The messages from install, as well as the output which you get when you press "system info" might help.Gesendet von meinem LG-H870 mit TapatalkHello Ingo. I missed your post.No error messages that I can see. Have added output of system info in another post.

Hi,still no solution?We need to check,  please use the CODESYS Store 'my question'BREdwin

Hallo. Still no solution. I will go into codesys store and try to generate a question. Cheers //

Result:Your imminent connection made me want to doublecheck my setup forerrors.Created a new project with "raspbery pi SL" as device. It seems that iearlier must have slipped during this process and chosen codesyscontrol win v3. Because now i can scan and locate the rapsberry pi with gatewaysetting both as "local" and with ip-address of raspberry pi.Reply from support:From codesys support:ok this explains the situation you could prevent this (not to see all plc's available on scan) by disabling the filter under Device - 'Filter network scans by target ID')Anyway, have a nice weekend and have fun with this CODESYS PI things BR

