I have a problem with the visualization. There are a lot of lag / slow refresh rate when running animations in the visualization window in the editor in both simulation mode and online mode. When I start moving the mouse the lag goes away and the animation works really well but gets bad when I stop. It feels that the refreash is very random and sometimes just waits for more then a second. But directly when the mouse_move events (or mouse click) starts firing the animation starts running smooth. I have tried many settings in the Visu_task and the webvisu update with no luck.Are you seeing the same? Try it out in the webVisu project example or even easier, create a new project and add the waiting symbol flower. Try to run it in simulation mode and in online mode and view the spinner in the codesys window. Compare when moving the mouse. It works much better when running in the browser, but not perfect. This is probably not related to the pi but how codesys is refreshing the canvas drawing. Or maybe something wrong with my setup? I have tried on multiple computers though.I really need the simulation mode to work since I’m creating a lab where the students will develop the logic using a simulated system when preparing for the live lab.// Kristofer

Hi,does a change in the updaterate (try 50) solve the Problem?BREdwin

I have tried that. I have tried all possible settings from 1ms to 1000ms. Updaterate doesn't seem to do much. The only thing that influences is if i put the task to update very slow say 5 seconds. Then it will only update at that freq (with some variation).

Hi,could you send the projectarchive to support@codesys.com for Investigation.BREdwin

Hi,you could setup the update rate - depending on which visualisation you want to use:1.	Update rate on we call it “internal CODESYS Visualisation” is setup by the monitoring interval (which is also for all variables not only the one for the internal visu)This you need to setup on the device by rightlick on your plcand if you decrease this value to less you will see that without clicking with the mouse the update rate is much faster then 2,3.	Update rate on TargetVisu and Webvisualisation:Webvisu:Targetvisu: Take care, if you increase these update rates, the plcload will increase too (background communication task)BREdwin

Thanks! Changing the Monitoring interval solved the problem!// K

Hello everybody,I have the same problem that my webvisu is incredibly slow.I changed the internal monitoring to 10ms but still slow. I changed the webvisu update rate down to 40ms still slow. If I want to decrease it more it gives me an error. Anybody knows why? Finally when I change the VISU_TASK it has strange behaviour. Forexample if I change the priority to 2 and cycle speed to t#2ms it became very slow. In case priority 10, and cycle speed t#10ms it is the "less slow". In Type freewhele it is completely useless. My code is very simple and  the visualization as well. Any idea?Thanks,Gergö

Hi,upload the project to check (embedd the Bitmaps into the project)BREdwin

