I get an configuration error  with bosch rexroth cs  drive (HCS01.1E-W0003-A-02-B-ET-EC-NN-NN-NN-FW=) I get  an ethercat configuration error  and  it is probaly  the  IO mapping of the drive i made .  attached  jpg  with  my configuration .I thought that  bosch rexroth drives  where supported , but that  is  only for  sercos III , i think  now  and  not for ethercat.I also get  the remark  when I add this drive.can sombody  please  help me with the  right mapping /configuration for this  drive.

Hi,hm... not really sure I would recommend to ask the bosch rexroth support according how to switch the Interface.Usually to Change the drive to eathercat the following steps are needed: (not really sure if i had the same drive than yours which we had at that time)1. power on the driver2. press the enter button once to enter the set mode3. Presse the up or down button until you reach the communication mode set, the default mode should be secoss4. Long press the enter button until the panel flash, then press up or down button until you reach    Ethercat, press enter button to confirm 5. Now the panel should show a waring the communication changed,please reboot6. Power off and powr on again Then to use it with SoftMotion:The drive does Modulo-Handling itself, which is something that our SoE driver does not support. Please change the position data format from “Modulo” to “Absolute”.(This corresponds to clearing the bit 7 of S-0-0076.)Additionally, the maximum travel range should be set to 2^31-1 increments like this:(This corresponds to setting parameter S-0-0278, maximum travel range, to 2^31-1.) With these settings, the drive should work fine with CODESYS SoftMotion.

Exactly correct! We used Rexroth Driver with Codesys for servel projects now. BTW, you should notice the Homing method for this dirver  Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,hm... not really sure I would recommend to ask the bosch rexroth support according how to switch the Interface.Usually to Change the drive to eathercat the following steps are needed: (not really sure if i had the same drive than yours which we had at that time)1. power on the driver2. press the enter button once to enter the set mode3. Presse the up or down button until you reach the communication mode set, the default mode should be secoss4. Long press the enter button until the panel flash, then press up or down button until you reach    Ethercat, press enter button to confirm 5. Now the panel should show a waring the communication changed,please reboot6. Power off and powr on again Then to use it with SoftMotion:The drive does Modulo-Handling itself, which is something that our SoE driver does not support. Please change the position data format from “Modulo” to “Absolute”.(This corresponds to clearing the bit 7 of S-0-0076.)Additionally, the maximum travel range should be set to 2^31-1 increments like this:(This corresponds to setting parameter S-0-0278, maximum travel range, to 2^31-1.) With these settings, the drive should work fine with CODESYS SoftMotion.

