Hi, Codesys softmotion RTE runtime v3.5.8 show error below suddenly and all ethercat connection disconnected and show red triangle. Need to perform reset warm to recover the error. I worry when i will occur again anyone can know what is the causes or where to check for problem?Attachment:Untitled6.jpg

Hi,which plc and slaves are you using exactly?Think this is maybe wiring / hardware related problem.The interesting point in the log should be the transistion where the slaves have been worked -> then the problem occure.Could you enable to write the logger as file and increase the filesize of the logger the have all Information in.If you disable "restart slaves" on the EthercatMaster, maybe this will prevent to flood the logger after the problem occure.BREdwin

Hi,Currently I am using Codesys softmotion RTE v3.5.8. Slave is using Crevis Ethercat remote IO NA-9286 and delta ethercat remote IO EC-5500. wiring / hardware related problem means ethercat cable issue?i will try to log as file in case if it happen again, i can upload the file here.Thank you.

I've had similar EtherCAT issues which all of them were narrowed down to cables/noise.NOTE: If your Crevis NA-9286 is the first slave, make sure you use at least a 1.2m long cable between the master to the Crevis. This is a confirmed issue.When it comes to noise, be aware that a cabinet that "looks nice" is probably not EMC-proof.Always go by these rules when installing EtherCAT cables and you should be fine:1) Use shielded EtherCAT cables all the way2) Make sure master and slave devices are grounded properly3) Use as short EtherCATcables as possible (do note the 1.2m requirement for the Crevis NA-9286 if it's the first slave)4) Don't put the EtherCAT cables inside the "cable slots/collectors" in the electrical cabinet, take the shortest point-to-point distance.5) Leftover length must NOT be curled up to "look nice" as this increases the possibility of getting noise. Also don't curl it up and put it in the bottom of the cabinet together with power cables etc. Simply let it hang as it is (#2 should eliminate this though).6) Never strap the EtherCAT cable onto another cable "to make it look nice".

Dear Edwin,I able to capture the PLC log yesterday when it happen again. Please change the file extension to .csv cause its not permitted to upload csv here.Thanks!Dear Kim,NA-9286 is not the first slave, but i will look into it today. Thanks!

