I currently use CodeSys SPRTE in our substations. It runs on a Schweitzer 3351. We are trying to figure out a reliable way for backing up these systems. We have finally found what seems to be a simple reliable way except for one problem. The 3351 Schweitzers hard drive is an 8 Gig Compact Flash drive. We use an imaging software to create an exact image of the drive to be put into another 3351 in the event of a failure. Everything copies perfectly except CodeSys reverts back to Demo mode and will not let us access the 3s license manager. Instead it gives us an error stating that " The unique system ID does not match with LMAPI database. This might be the case if your hardware configuration has changed." Has anyone else encountered this problem or does any use this same type of set up with a better means of back-up

Your license file is hardware dependent and cannot be transferred. For a backup system you would probably need another license, but you could also consider a hardware lock (USB plug with license) which can easily be transferred.

Hi.I have exactly the same problem, after replacing hard disk with another one for improve capacity.I done an image of the old hard disk.Codesys is working, but only in demo mode.I tried to reinstall, also after cleaned all codeys files, but nothing..I'm using codesys supplied form Wago.

talk to the company as they will help you with these problems.ask for a hardware lock.

_________________shooter@home.nlcomputer shooterpaul deelenjacob van wassenaerstraat 29NL 5224 GG 's-Hertogenboschskype shooter paul.deelenphone +31736139136

Wago codesys is free.There is no active licenses with it.I can install the wago codeys in more than one machine.I tried to install my codesys in another machine and it work fine.The problem is located in MY machine, I think after the hard disk replacement.I tried also to uninstall codesys totally, by edeleting all files after, and also to remove some 3S registry keys (related to licensing manager)I don't need hardware key, because the wago installation don't require special licensing.The problem is that codesys try to open licensing manager, and it don't run cause the wrong LMAPIConsequently, codesys haven't informations about licensing, and is impossible to compile importing some free wago libraries

I asked to codesys support by email.After only 20 minutes I have the solution!firstly end CODESYSrename the file "lm.dat" located in the folder 'c:\lm.dat'Start CODESYS again=> it shoulden be workThanks to codesys staff for the very quickly reply!!

