As a brand new member - Thanks to all for such a good Forum.

I suppose this is a two part message.

First, are there other Forums or knowlege bases similar to this one?

Second, I am developing a method to allow remote CoDeSys access to a PLC that has been installed at a customer site via Cellular modem.  I can log into the PLC from CoDeSys with a simple serial port cable.  

I see that there is a "Serial(Modem)" driver available in the Communication Parameters: New Channel dialog.  It seems that I should be able to insert a desktop modem on my PC, and connect a cellular modem on the PLC, then log into the PLC using this radio/wireless cable.

I can see the local modem dial and then hear the remote modem answer.  The lights on both modems show that they are connected, but CoDeSys never connects.

I can use windows Hyperterm to view the a simple cable serial port connection and the wireless connection.  Both look similar.

This seems very close to working, but CoDeSys just doesn't connect. 
Anyone ever considered such a scheme or had success in it's implementation?

Thanks in advance for any help or direction.
Best Regards
Joe

Are you sure that your PLC supports the serial interface? This feature can be disabled in the RTS.

Yea, Everything is on my desk.  I can connect the PLC to the PC with a three wire serial cable and download new code, single step, and debug.  I should be able to disconnect the cable from the PLC and connect it to my old USR Robotics Modem, and then connect the PLC to the New CELL Modem, dial with Codesys, and connect.   Everything looks perfect as it moves thru the connect process, but it just doesn't make it to the end..

Did you change the com ports on the PLC side. I can imagine that you have 2 differents COM ports, 1 for your modem and 1 standard RS232?
You must specify to the RTS which port to use for the serial connection. It depends on your PLC but it might be possible with configuration entries ([RS232] PORT=x) if supported

The object of the exercise is to be able to make a connection between CoDeSys and a PLC after the PLC system is deployed in the field.  This is so that I can diagnose faults and upload new code into the PLC without traveling to the customer site.

I can connect my laptop to the PLC with a serial cable and successfully connect, and load code into the PLC.  I can put the MODEM in place of the serial cable, and ask CoDeSys to connect.  It will dial the remote modem, transfer a little data back and forth, but then hangs up.  I then reconnect the simple serial cable, and can reconnect with success.  The only thing different is the cable and the gateway driver.

This can't be such an unusual request.  I would think that others would have developed some system of remote system diagnosis by now.  Is there perhaps an easier way?

Hi Joe,We are having the same problem here...did you already solve

