I'm running an OPC client as a service on startup on a server PC and I want to get my CoDeSys OPC variables' data.  Is there any way I can get the CoDeSys OPC server to run as a service as well?  Any additional software packages..etc?  Otherwise, I believe I have trouble with user accounts and DCOM.  Any help and solutions to this problem would be greatly appreciated!

I believe this is not possible with CoDeSys V2.3. Probably the CoDeSys OPC server can be started by the OPC client as service, but you will need the start the Gateway.exe to be able to connect to the PLC.
In the documentation of the CoDeSys OPC Server for version 3 can be found that both the OPC Server and the Gateway can run as Service. I think the only solution you have is to automatically log into Windows with a standard user.
If the OPC client and server are running on the same PC, this will not be a DCOM problem.

Thanks for the reply!  We have V2.3, so it sounds like we're going to have to figure out some workaround.  Even if we upgraded to V3, it wouldn't work with our PLC.  Also, for security issues, we can't have the autologin.  I tried getting support through CoDeSys, but they haven't contacted me with an answer.  I put in the question three weeks ago.

I found out it is possible by using the CoDeSys V3 OPC server which can also connect to V2.3 PLC's. To avoid the problem of running the Gateway as service, you can choose to connect with the ARTI interface.
With this direct connection it works also without logging in to Windows.
Make sure you insert the full path name + .sdb file name as the Project Name. e.g. C:\SDB\projectname.sdb or download you symbol file to the PLC.

Yes, you can run the OPC server as a service on the computer.  

When you register the server using the WinCoDeSysOPC.exe / register, you can also use the WinCoDeSysOPC.exe / service command to install it as a service.  

Last, use the WinCoDeSysOPC.exe / install command to install the service to load at startup.

I am using OPC server now for an application and it is working fine running as a service on startup.

The WinCoDeSysOPC.exe / install is the real key to getting it to start when windows start.

