Hello, I just recently made a custom function block and was trying to get it into the library, couldn't get it figured out until I came asking for help here... So I figured I'd shoot my next question here as well. I am trying to make nice documentation for this same function block library file. Other files that are in the library from 3rd party vendors seem to have full formatting in their comments section under documentation. This screenshot shows a bullet list, but I have even seen one with colored text (key words were in blue).Attachment:Screenshot3.JPGI have tried and tried, but I cannot achieve this result for some reason. I have read that using ctrl + enter in comments will insert line breaks, but I have not had success with that.Attachment:Screenshot1.JPGAttachment:Screenshot2.JPGBTW this is using SoMachine, dunno if that matters. Does anyone know what I'm missing here to get the formatting to work? Really all I wanted was a nice little paragraph to show up under "Description" and maybe a few bullet points in a small list. I have viewed a document called Guidelines.doc, but it is titled as "Guidelines for Library Design, Document Version 1.52, Last Update: 18.05.2011". It describes some steps to take for creating library files, but it refers to a template that is provided by 3S, called CAA_lib.dot, "3S provides a MS Word Template (CAA_lib.dot) usable for the library documentation." Yet I cannot find this file anywhere, even on the internet. I am also interested in the library categories section in the project information. How can I assign categories to my new library file? In the project information box, you can click the "..." next to the library categories field and you can choose from description file, or from existing library. I have not found an existing library that has categories in it... and the description file brings up a browse for file dialog box that is looking for *.libcat.xml. How can I make a file like this for my project? I have not found any documentation on that issue either. Any help is appreciated, thanks for your time.

Hello,In my (standard, not SoMachine) installation the file "CAA_lib.dot" can be found under "C:\Program Files (x86)\3S CoDeSys\CoDeSys\Templates\CAA_Template". I hope this helps. Best regards,Kristian Berlin

Thanks, mine doesn't have that. All I have in the templates folder is the empty library and empty project templates. However I did download the standard CoDeSys and acquired the file. I am more concerned with the formatting of the comments in the documentation, however. I know it's not that big of a deal, but it really bugs me that others seem to be able to do it, yet there is nothing stating how to format colors, indents, bullet lists, paragraphs, etc.

I'm taking a look into this myself today, so I will hopefully be able to share some experience later.

