Please keep in mind I'm not writing this to criticize codesys, compare it with other PLC editors or anything. I'm just trying to find the best way of doing things, reducing the time needed to do them in the meantime. Also, the version I'm using is 2.3.9.5 and that's because the "target" for the PLC officially only supports this version.

1.) When a POU in LAD format is observed online, why is it impossible to simply select a variable name and then use the selection to "Find" it elsewhere or perform a "Cross reference" search ? It is possible to do so offline (for a LAD POU) and it is possible to do so even online for a ST POU. This makes online de-bugging slower, since you have to actually type in the variable name in the Find / Cross reference dialog. (I know you can call Input assistant for Global search, but that's not the same.) Is there any way of doing this faster ?

2.) How come  (*   *) comments disapear from "Watch-and Recipe Manager" when on-line mode is entered ? I find it very valuable to have comments written besides (above, below, ... wherever) the variables to remind me of their meaning, but they are just not shown when in online mode. Are there any other kind of comments, that do not disappear in this view ?

3.)Is it possible to configure the editor in such a way that it displays user data types / structures in off-line mode too ? For example in a certain project over 20 data types were defined and used across the project. When online it is very easy to just press the little "+" button besides the variable declaration and instantly see the structure of the data type (without the basic data types shown). When offline it is just the opposite, the basic data types are shown, however the user data types cannot be "expanded". Because of this, checking the program with the 20+ data types took a lot of time just switching between the program and the "Data types" window searching for the right data type and its contents.


4.) Why does the "Messages" window close whenever entering on-line mode ? Is it possible to keep it open ? This way each time when re-connecting to a PLC, the window always has to be opened again to perform a Cross reference or a Search and displaying the results in the Message window.

...there are some more, but I guess so far these issues have taken a lot of my time, little by little, that could have been spent more productively.

Thanks for any help.
[/img]

Yes you are very correct about the first three items. They could all be helpful. The last one and hopefully I am understanding is you can open close the message window at anytime by using the Windows-Messages menu. The comments can be seen for at least variables but not directly sort of indirectly through tooltip. If the comments are added inline with a variable then if you hold your mouse over the variable the comments will be displayed. The same can be true for say the 3S CANopen variables. They are large structures but you can't view them until you are online and running. The same as your user defined types.

_________________Thanks,
Steve Pfeifenroth

