Hi. We want to use Subversion with CoDeSys. As I understand it, there are two options:1) Use ENI and it's Subversion support. However, this looks like a clumsy and expensive way. 2) Use the "SVN Integration" / "Subversion Plugin". However, as I understand it, this is only supported for CoDeSys v3; we are using 2.3. I'm also not sure if we need the Professional edition or not. Is this correct? Anyone with experience of either option?I cannot help to wonder why all this is necessary. Why not select a text based file format from the beginning? The .PRO is binary. I've noticed that the "Export" command creates text based .EXP files, which are only slightly bigger than the .PRO files. What advantages does the .PRO have over the .EXP files; why cannot .EXP be default? I'm also wondering if you can assign a keyboard shortcut for the "Export" command.

astrand wrote:I cannot help to wonder why all this is necessary. Why not select a text based file format from the beginning? The .PRO is binary. I've noticed that the "Export" command creates text based .EXP files, which are only slightly bigger than the .PRO files. What advantages does the .PRO have over the .EXP files; why cannot .EXP be default? I'm also wondering if you can assign a keyboard shortcut for the "Export" command.I've been able to automate the import part, so that we can only store the .EXP in Subversion, and not the .PRO, and still be able to open it easily. Three files are required:* empty.pro - an empty Codesys project* open.cmd - a Windows command file that contains:@echo offcd "%~dp0"start "CodeSys" codesys empty.pro /cmd open.txt* open.txt - a Codesys command file that contains:; Avoid that a normal save writes to empty.profile saveas work.pro; Importreplace yesallproject import project.expThis seems to work fairly good. Exporting is still a little bit cumbersome, but Alt-P, x, Enter and then just a few mouse clicks does the job. But then again, if there's some disadvantage of only storing .EXP files instead of .PRO, it would be nice to know.

