I have a BB Black as EtherCAT Master and two Nanotec motor controls as Slaves. When i start my test programm, the status says "EtherCAT : läuft nicht(not running)". It's my first project with EtherCAT, so i am not sure about the setup... Can someone please explain me step by step, how to configure it?Attachment:testprogramm.jpg

Hi,hm.. you need to add the screenhot in online mode.and give us the plc logger.BREdwin

Attachment:online mode.jpg

here is the exported device log.

Hi,AL Status read from slave address 1002 status 16#1DInvalid Output ConfigurationWould check the pdo configuration.Maybe you could add the projectarchive.BREdwin

Attachment:pdo configuration.jpgThe project archive is a 30 MB file, so i put it in my dropbox:https://www.dropbox.com/sh/gx9sg0buwafa ... Zwmqa?dl=0

Hi,please set the option 'FrameAtTaskstart' some drives react sensitive on jitter in the receiving the ethercat frames.Do you have applied an rt_preemt patch on our beaglebone Linux kernel for realtime capabilties?Next step would be to activate distributed clocks on the slaves and check if this will solve the issue (distributed clocks are mandatory on using cyclic position mode / for SoftMotion)Projekt looks ok for me.One remark:How do you Login to the beaglebone with the CODESYS Development System?The eth0 should be used exclusive by ethercat - BBB -> connected 1:1 with your two drives. (no TCP/IP communication by etho beside ethercat)How to do this?Either use a USB_to_Ethernet Adapter or use UBS-Ethernet Connection which the BBB does provide and Login by this usb Connection to download the CODESYS Projekt.BREdwin

I added the line  "EtherCAT_Master.FrameAtTaskStart := TRUE;" in the INIT-step.I don't have a rt_preemt patch on my BBB. Do I have to install it?In the N5 interface is no option to activate distributed clocks. The status says:Attachment:N5 status.jpgI use a USB to Ethernet adapter to download the codesys project.Attachment:bbb.jpg

I just noticed, that i don't have the option "EtherCAT Parameters" as you can see in a previous screenshot. how can i make it visible?

Hi,yes you need to install rt_preemtPlease check the jitter in the taskmonitor for the Ethercat Task.and Tools->DeviceEditor->Show generic...Is the eth0 port exclusive connected to your drive? 1:1 BBB - Drive?And this USB-Ethernet is your "Login with CODESYS" Interface?BREdwin

I found your description for RT_preempt and will try to do it:viewtopic.php?t=5652&start=30I have Debian Image 2016-05-13. Do i definitly have to update it to 2016-11-06?Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Please check the jitter in the taskmonitor for the Ethercat Task.If i doubleclick the EtherCAT_Master.EtherCAT_Task, a small dialog with no content pops up and disappears after a half second. Its heading says "Editor nicht gefunden(Editor not found)".Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Is the eth0 port exclusive connected to your drive? 1:1 BBB - Drive?And this USB-Ethernet is your "Login with CODESYS" Interface?Yes.

Hi,I am using a CODESYS Softmotion RTE instead of the BBB now. I tried to download my testprogram, but it says:Attachment:error box.jpgand after that:Attachment:errors.jpgI am using Codesys 3.5 SP10. i have Setup_CODESYSControlRTE64V3.5SP10.exe installed on my Windows PC.Can you help me?

Dear timinio99,What is the USB to Ethernet converter you have used? Was there any setup to be done in BBB (Debian)?Please guide me.Regards,Kumar Eswaran

