Hello evrybody,
We've just started to use Codesys on a MoviPLC from SEW.
Before that we used Siemens PLC's.
In the S7 we used DB to save the parametres of our machine.
These could be downloaded or uploaded for saving or maintainance.
Now we're looking for something the same as that in codesys.
That way we can store all our parameters in the plc so that they don't get lost at powerdown.

Can somebody tell us how to do that?

We thank you very much for your help.

Yours truly

Hello,
something like Siemens DBs are not necessary in CoDeSys - and are not supported. You simply have to declare the data types to store the parameters, then give them an instance in Global Variables.
To keep the data over power down, set the instances as RETAIN PERSISTENT (RETAIN keeps them over power down, PERSISTENT keeps them even at a new program download to the PLC).
Regards,
Rolf

Hello Rolf,
Thank you for you're answer.
The problem that I have is that most of the parameters in de siemens DB come from a touchscreen where the user can change the parameters (speed, timing recepies etc).
So it is very important that I can upload these parameters or store them on a flash card.
In case of a brakedown (plc burnout lol) the customer can just simply replace the plc and then download the parameters again or in the most simple case just take out the flashcard of the plc and put it in the new one.
But not al plc's have flashcards.

Thanks very much !!

Roel

Hello Roel,
now I understand the question.
I myself make PLC software and visusalizations, these as native Windows executables for WinXP. Here we store the parameters as files on the hard disk and download the data when necessary.
One of my collegues normally uses WinCE based visualization systems (such as zenon), which provide a way to save and read data with files on the panel. 
In any case, we have an instance of the data structures only in the global variables; visualization connects over OPC (which is a real symbolic way). This should work on SEW's PLCs too.
By that way: RETAIN PERISTENT is not supported by each PLC. I don't know, how SEW's PLCs work. Sorry.
Regards,
Rolf

Thanks Rolf
Sorry for my late answer I've been away for my work and have not been able to go back to my project.
I'll take a look at the OPC possibilities.
We use two type of plc's the SEW moviplc and a small Wago plc.
In both cases I need to be able to download the existing parameters.
I'll come back here as soon as I found a way to do it.

Yours Truly

Roel Jaspers

You can save a file via the ethernet connection to any device and read it back again.
best way is use txt or excel.

_________________shooter@home.nlcomputer shooterpaul deelenjacob van wassenaerstraat 29NL 5224 GG 's-Hertogenboschskype shooter paul.deelenphone +31736139136

