I have a CPX-CEC-C1 Festo PLC that is programmed with CoDeSys V2.3.If I want to talk with another Festo PLC (for example another CPX-CEC-C1) I configure UDP Network variables and the Master(Write) PLC can transmit it data to the Slave(Read) and this works quite well. I have 2 other PLC’s that I would like to be able to talk to each other so that simple start/stop signals can be used from the main PLC.1.	I have a CPX-CEC-C1 Festo PLC that I would like to communicate to an Allen Bradley “Softlogix” PLC 2.	I have a CPX-CEC-C1 Festo PLC that I would like to communicate to an Allen Bradley Controllogix L61 or equivalent PLC.  My customer requires option#1 but I only have Option#2 equipment to run my tests.I see no option to connect using UDP in the Allen Bradley Controllogix PLC. Is the a way to do this WITHOUT adding additional hardware?3S had no solution but theyh indicated there was someone out there with similiar circumstances in the past that solved their issue.

Hi,as far as I know the Ethernet Protocol used by AB is CIP. I just luked a little bit arraound and found some information about this here: www.rtaautomation.com I found there some royality-free C-Code for building a CIP communication. And it seams like John Rinaldy from this company has a good knowledge about this stuff - CIP on the one hand and CoDeSys on the other. So I think you try to talk to him and maybee he can help.And maybee it is possible to include this Code to the PLC's runtime system. As far as I know you should have a direct contact to the Festo Product Managers.Best RegardsRalph

Hi:I have been able to communicate several targets (AMK, MOELLER) with Codesys, directly to AB, using ethernet and serial. I had to spent some time doing that.So, technically speaking it is possible to do it. The point is, are you able to either spend the time to develop this or pay for it to be develop?Maybe another way is using OPC.Best regards

Hello, Festo is providing for CPX a special module to support Ethernet/IP.This may be combined with the CPX-CEC-C1.So you will be able to communicate via Ethernet/IP.Kind Regardsp.s.: try the system navigation in the Festo support portal:http://www.festo.com/net/en-us_us/Suppo ... aspx?q=cpx

