We have yet to find a reliable way to ensure that anyone can login on a running PLC without having to do a download. We are several people who develop and support machines in our factory and we often want to login and monitor code to see what has happened in a specific situation. We do not have the possibility to sit by a machine for long periods of time waiting for rare bugs but are obviously still keen to catch them. If all of us rather than only one could do this for any given machine it would be very helpful.To be able to login without download the project must be exactly the same as on the machine. We store all projects on a server everytime anyone changes anything. This means that the latest version is always available. If I upload a project on the server I can retrieve it later and login without download. The problem is I cannot do it with a project saved by any of my colleagues and vice versa.We have tried among other things:*All referenced libraries are on a common server and the path specified accordingly. (To avoid different versions.)*Build files are set to be saved in the same folder as the project. (An attempt to remove the need to build if it has been moved to a new computer.)*The same version of target is installed on the computers.The problem according to CoDeSys is the timestamp of the project that is created when it is saved. But if this is the case it should also happen to the one who last edited the project, copying it from the server it should get a new time stamp when it is stored on the local computer regardless.Any ideas regarding this particular problem would be most welcome. I would also very much like to know about general strategies/hints/tips/tricks that you use, those of you who are working with multiple developers in CoDeSys v2.3. Please share your ideas and solutions.

My previous employer set all projects (2.3 ABB) up with a write access password which worked well as long as all compiled files and everything was copied with it, not  just the project file.In 3.5 I can't work out how to do that and logging in is a bit hit and miss.Sent from my SM-G935F using Tapatalk

