Hello,I'm working with Winstudio/IndraWorks (HMI InduSoft) from Bosch Rexroth and I have encountered problems with the OPC Server. In one of my machine project, I have one Master PLC who is talking with 17 others PLC (all L40 DP from Rexroth). The project is quite big. I have ~ 20000 tags for my HMI Winstudio application and I'm reading information from all these PLC.Here the Problem:At the Startup of the machine if all the PLC (present in the configuration .ini) are running, There are no problems with the OPC server. My problem appears if more than 3 or 4 PLC are not running at the Startup (because of Temperature condition or Electrical cabinet modification or simply because there are OFF). In this case, The OPC Server can't establish the communication with the Master PLC. Note that the Master PLC is always running because it is linked with the HMI Screen (same device). I don't understand Why the OPC can't establish the communication with Master because he is always present...I found a temporary solution by increasing the "wait time" in the OPC Configurator from default 10 [sec] to 100 [Sec]. In this case, Even if the Master PLC is the only one Running, the OPC server communication operates normaly.- How Can you explain this problem?- Is there any others possibilities to avoid this delay of almost 2 minutes at the startup?Thanking you in advance for your help!Regards,Fred

I have seen this as well, but then the OPC server was connected to several PLC's and not one.It seems that during startup the OPC server needs the time to create the groups.When there are time-outs this could take longer (max 10 seconds per device).If this takes longer than the wait time, the groups are not created and no communication is established.

Hello,I received a feedback from 3S. They advised me to increase the time for "waittime" AND "reconnecttime" parameters in my OPC configurator to 30 [sec] each. I don't have information about the reason, but it's works... it's already good!Regards,Fred

