I have problems to get CoDeSys.OPC.DA to install correctly on Windows10, Windows2012R2 and Windows8.1.On all OS the install seems ok, even when testing with test client (KEPWare test client) but other clients (based on OPCLabs API) does not work.The OPCLabs client work with other OPC servers on the very same machine (KEPWare OPC Server) but not CoDeSys. The one symptom that are the same on all machines I've done a test install are that the DCOM settings for CoDeSys are not there. We do not really use them as the configuration use "localserver" as host name, but again, the lack of DCOM config might just be a symptom, but the same settings are there for the KEPServer (and the OPCLabs installation).Is this a know problem or is there a solution for this?

becker wrote:I have problems to get CoDeSys.OPC.DA to install correctly on Windows10, Windows2012R2 and Windows8.1.On all OS the install seems ok, even when testing with test client (KEPWare test client) but other clients (based on OPCLabs API) does not work.The OPCLabs client work with other OPC servers on the very same machine (KEPWare OPC Server) but not CoDeSys. The one symptom that are the same on all machines I've done a test install are that the DCOM settings for CoDeSys are not there. We do not really use them as the configuration use "localserver" as host name, but again, the lack of DCOM config might just be a symptom, but the same settings are there for the KEPServer (and the OPCLabs installation).Is this a know problem or is there a solution for this?Hi Becker,Why use OPC DA, when you can use OPC UA and avoid DCOM?Look forward to maybe help you further on. Have a great and sunny weekend.Peter GroteSendt fra min SM-A700F med Tapatalk

peterstroem wrote:becker wrote:I have problems to get CoDeSys.OPC.DA to install correctly on Windows10, Windows2012R2 and Windows8.1.On all OS the install seems ok, even when testing with test client (KEPWare test client) but other clients (based on OPCLabs API) does not work.The OPCLabs client work with other OPC servers on the very same machine (KEPWare OPC Server) but not CoDeSys. The one symptom that are the same on all machines I've done a test install are that the DCOM settings for CoDeSys are not there. We do not really use them as the configuration use "localserver" as host name, but again, the lack of DCOM config might just be a symptom, but the same settings are there for the KEPServer (and the OPCLabs installation).Is this a know problem or is there a solution for this?Hi Becker,Why use OPC DA, when you can use OPC UA and avoid DCOM?Look forward to maybe help you further on. Have a great and sunny weekend.Peter GroteSendt fra min SM-A700F med TapatalkI will check with my suppliers if we can use OPC UA.Thanks for the tip.

