hello,Just a precision about the opc ua. I use codesys 3.5.8 and rapberry pi.I test opc ua this day. Just a little program. No global var. Impossible to obtain access to locals variables with opc ua client. The tree of opc ua server -in the client - is  small.The solution requires  to  check globals variables to obtain the full tree in the opc ua client (UaExpert, OPC UA Dashboard for example ). It's now possible to display variables.See attachment file for more information this may be useful to someone ?

Helle PR35,Great and I have also tested with the KEPServerEX UA Client, Work all great.I do have a little question, if you have been able to have the Codesys Runtime to sllep for about 10 sec before startup, since the OPC UA Server /port needs do be delays at reboot/startup to have the OPC UA Server Work correct?Look forward to receive your feedback.Peter Grote   PR35 wrote:hello,Just a precision about the opc ua. I use codesys 3.5.8 and rapberry pi.I test opc ua this day. Just a little program. No global var. Impossible to obtain access to locals variables with opc ua client. The tree of opc ua server -in the client - is  small.The solution requires  to  check globals variables to obtain the full tree in the opc ua client (UaExpert, OPC UA Dashboard for example ). It's now possible to display variables.See attachment file for more information this may be useful to someone ?

Hi,beside the recommendation of Peter with the 10s delay (this is still needed)I would recommend to use Rasperry Pi Package 3.5.9.10 and CODESYS 3.5.9.10 Development SystemThere are many bugfixes and improvements according OPCUA.so a sleep 10 or 20 should be added in /etc/init.d/codesyscontrolBREdwin

Hi Edwin,This really Work for me, thank you and hope all other using OPC UA will be happy in relation to this note.Have a great dayBRPeter GroteEdwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,beside the recommendation of Peter with the 10s delay (this is still needed)I would recommend to use Rasperry Pi Package 3.5.9.10 and CODESYS 3.5.9.10 Development SystemThere are many bugfixes and improvements according OPCUA.so a sleep 10 or 20 should be added in /etc/init.d/codesyscontrolBREdwin

