Hello, I work in sector where audit trail is usually mandatory. (to log in data base: When, What user, did any action/change on HMI - including login/logoff)Are audit trails rare requirements in PLC world? Is there anything to help with such programming task or should I have to do everything from zero?How to find such "current user" tags?Previously I have used Beijer iX developer soft, which had audit trail included in very user friendly manner, but we have jumped on WAGO e!Cockpit)

Kardanas wrote:Hello, I work in sector where audit trail is usually mandatory. (to log in data base: When, What user, did any action/change on HMI - including login/logoff)Are audit trails rare requirements in PLC world? Is there anything to help with such programming task or should I have to do everything from zero?How to find such "current user" tags?Previously I have used Beijer iX developer soft, which had audit trail included in very user friendly manner, but we have jumped on WAGO e!Cockpit)I am very interested in this too.Is there anything built in Codesys to support this?

For Wago e!cockpit, you can direct write in to WAGO to enquiry for this audit function, even Codesys V3.5 do have this version but it can't promise that e!Cockpit will have it.As i know WAGO is rewrite it own interface to wrap again the Codesys V3.5, but it not promise WAGO will enable this features on e!cockpit.If you can't get any help from your country WAGO support do let me, i can help you out but need some information from your site.Thank youJohn Lee

johnlee wrote:I was really talking about Codesys in general. Specifically I'm working with a XC-152 from EATON so I'm using XSOFT-CODESYS V3.5.10 (the last release).Anyway, I think I'm not understanding your answer. Are you saying that this feature is built in Codesys V3.5 but not in the WAGO version of the suite?Thank you for your help.I was talking about Codesys in general. Specifically I'm working with a XC-152 from EATON so I'm using XSOFT-CODESYS V3.5.10 (the last release).Anyway, I think I'm not understanding your answer. Are you saying that this feature is built in Codesys V3.5 but not in the WAGO version of the suite?Thank you for your help.

Hi Pedro_ant,I have did quick check, i can't find any audit trail in codesys rather than is project compare.As i mentionally, Codesys always is fundamental IDE for other Manufacture to rewrap it and turn into their IDE software.for eg, Wago eCockpit is using codesys IDE to compile the code but they create their own interface. So Wago itself can determine they want this features or not even codesys original IDE do not provide.Thank youJohn Lee

