HelloIs there a way to show pdf file into visualization, like we can show TXT file with the Text Editor Element.J think we can use an ActiveX Element, but how ? The help is very short on this subject.Thank you in advance and Merry Christmas   

Hello everybody   Nobody as a solution to see pdf file in a visualization page.   The idea is to create help pages by including operating manuals or manuals.Thanks in advance for your ideas.  

hello i think you should ask your supplier for the same .in my Controller what i use in my Project . supplier Version of codesys  they have developed visu element just like rectangle box . i use that box to Show the pdf . thay had developed the lib to Show pdf file and also i can move page up and down , _ in and out ... so onnn

Thank you very much barkamharikrishna, but my supplier is 3S.I asked this question to the technical support and on this forum. But actualy, I got only one answer, your answer !Wait and see !  

Hi,which plc are you using and is this targetvisu where you need this?BREdwin

Hello,Actually I use CODESYS from 3S and Soft PLC Control Win !But I think this can be usefull for every target, If we want to make a "help on line" by showing an operating manual or other PDF information file.Thank you very much. 

Any ideas about this? I'm also very interested in building something similar.

Using the Webbrowser control in codesys will do

johnlee wrote:Using the Webbrowser control in codesys will doDid you try to use Webbrowser control in target visu?

johnlee wrote:Using the Webbrowser control in codesys will doThank you, that seems to be a nice workaround.I've been trying with the Internet (for example with 'https://oficinavirtual.ugr.es/apli/solicitudPAU/test.pdf') as URL and it works fine.But I would like to use this to show a PDF file stored in the InternalStorage or th SD Card, do you how to do that? I've tried many combination with no success 

just point to the directory of the pdf file will do, egyour using control win, then the pdf are save in D driver then just set the path to D:\xxx.pdf. This is work for me

e.kislov wrote:johnlee wrote:Using the Webbrowser control in codesys will doDid you try to use Webbrowser control in target visu?Yes, my customer have use it for more than 6 month and they love it so much.

