Hello,1. Is it in Codesys possible to add a plot (trace) not on time, to create a different reference value.  (for example "way over force") ???2. Add multiple variables in a diagram on top of each other?3. also include a  z o o m greeting

Hi,1) will come some when but still open when this will happen2)hm.. only if you do it by your own implementation.3) ... would be niceMaybe this example help, but I'm not sure.BREdwin

Hello Edwin,i have seen the project sample that you have provided, however if codesys have some kind of chart/graph element there we can define our own X and Y axis then it would be much helpful. you have mentioned, it will be available soon; could i please know tentative time frame? as my project is under construction; and i would like to know if Codesys is going to make such provision; i appreciate that you have provided a good example, but however i still believe codesys should provide much simpler solution, as the program that you have provided is not as simple as other elements.thanks,

Hi,I have forwarded this request - to have a standart xy visuelement  for it. This will come but take some time..BR Edwin

Edwin Schwellinger wrote:Hi,I have forwarded this request - to have a standart xy visuelement  for it. This will come but take so ein time..BR EdwinEdwin, can you clarify Jira number (CDS-xxxxx) for this improvement?

Hi,till now, there is a requirement available:REQ-1159 X-Y plot in CODESYS VisualizationBREdwin

Hello Edwin,Is there any update on the 2 variable axis graph improvement?Thanks in advance.Pinal

Hi,it is under development but not really clear if this will be in for 3.5SP11(for sure in on SP12 December - release)BREdwin

Thank you Edwin.Much appreciate your reply.

Hello Edwin,I have downloaded new SP12, and i have found the Cartesian Chart XY element.but this x and y are fixed axis and goes upto 100 only, while our data varies all the time.X and Y does not have a lablel, so it will be difficult for our customer to understand which parameter has been assigned to which axis.Is there a way that these axis becomes dynamic and varies its range depending on the variable...Thanks in advance.

Hello Edwin,Is there any information available how to use these chart? what sort and what type of data types can be assigned. I have found the lable area, but yet other part of the chart variable are bit not clear.Thanks in advance.

Hi,it still takes some time to publish the example in our CODESYS store as application example.Here is a preliminary application example Version, which will come.BREdwin

