Hello! I am getting Program Loaded - EXCEPTION every time when I try to scroll table with my finger. I have "Activate multitouch handling" option enabled and use phone as a client. It seems that is working ok when I access it from laptop and use scrollbar.Attachment:Exception.PNGIt is not a huge table, 250 rows and 2 columns (out of 11) visible. I have small table on the different page with 50 rows and 1 column and it is working well scrolling by swipe.I have Raspberry PI 3 and use V3.5SP12, but V3.5SP11 visualization profile. I updated everything to SP12, but scrolling didn't work in visualization profile SP12 and I had to roll it back to SP11. It is not scrolling at all, it tries to scroll it for couple rows but jumps back to first row as soon you release finger. I want to notice again, that this is a problem only with scrolling by finger swiping.Are there any settings that I can play with? Thank you!

Hi!Maybe you set the maximum array index for the table to a greater value than the array really is. If so, plc throws an exception by the moment the handler for the table tries to access an invalid adress.Its a little confuscating to specify the maximum index and not the size of the array, bc a max index of "0" means that the array must have (at least) one entry resp. the array cant be empty. Just another example of the really bad implementation of codesys visualisations.Hope this helps.

Hello! I don't think that this is my issue. I tried different versions without luck. I have 254 rows in my array and I tried 100, 20 and empty value (full array) for Max. array index in the table property. Originally I had issue with watchdog.Attachment:Exception2.PNGI disabled processor load in configuration file to see what happens.[CmpSchedule]Load.Enable=0ProcessorLoad.Maximum=100And now I have exception that I attached in my original post.I feel that it has some relation to memory allocation, because when I change Memory Settings in VisualizationManager tab it acts a little bit different. It can fault later or sooner or just stop to respond at all. What would be the best Memory Settings for Raspberry PI? Did anybody play with them to get better performance for visualization?Thank you!

