Hello,I have a Wago controller 750-880. I have created from the demo, another application.I download it, and with my PC all is fine. I can log, download, check, change variables.I also tested with Firefox, Opera and Google Chrome, the Web visualization. Everything is ok.Now, I have a Web Panel, from SAIA, with CrE-ME Java virtual Machine v4.12.I can start the Manager through the Internet explorer, and can see everything I need. It also ask me for the pass when entering in restricted pages, which I can enter with no problems.The problem is the Web Visualization. It shows a "Loading..." text inside a gray square but nothing happens.In the status bar said the Applet was started... but the Loading square is still there.The CRE-Me software has the possibility to look into the applet only, but when it starts opening, it closes, and I can't see anything.The CRE-Me has a demo applet, which I downloaded in the plc and works... I even looked for a java applet game, which I can play with no problems.There is a problem with the java, and I don't have a clue how to start looking into that.I started using CoDeSys 2.3.9.25, and upgraded to 2.3.9.28 with the same result.If anybody has an idea what I can do, please post here or send me a pm.Thanks to all for the help

update the java on the hmi

_________________shooter@home.nlcomputer shooterpaul deelenjacob van wassenaerstraat 29NL 5224 GG 's-Hertogenboschskype shooter paul.deelenphone +31736139136

@Shooter: This is the last version of Creme.What I could find until now:1: I found out that if there is anything in the page that can not be shown (for any reason), the whole visualization is not shown. Is like the applet gives an error, and the whole applet can't be used.To find this out I started with a new page with only a rectangle., and started adding the different things one by one, until I found what I can show and what not.2: In the Webvisu.htm there is the Height and width, given in % (with the % character). I had to put pixel values. (this worked in the Internet explorer of the WinCE panel, but not with the CrE-ME command from the prompt line)3: I had a picture, and in this picture, under Variables, the Invisible variable was : NOT(bit) I deleted the NOT, and that page worked.-------------------------------------------I still have to check more things, but until now what works is:Strings variablesdecimal variablesReal variables (with %f)simple Rectangles / circles / polygonspicturesdynamic pictures (making the Bitmap list) and changing the name with a stringVisible / invisible pictures with a bitone Table with decimal variablesNumPad for editing numbersWhat didn't work until now:Histogram (I took this from a demo, but didn't check completely what exactly this thing doesn't "like")Alarm table (but also doesn't work in my computer with Firefox, Opera and Google Chrome... only works from CoDeSys, so maybe I have something wrong)Thank you for the help---------------------------------------------I will keep this updated, until I finish with the project

I have the same trouble, did you find a solution?DeltaQ wrote:Hello,I have a Wago controller 750-880. I have created from the demo, another application.I download it, and with my PC all is fine. I can log, download, check, change variables.I also tested with Firefox, Opera and Google Chrome, the Web visualization. Everything is ok.Now, I have a Web Panel, from SAIA, with CrE-ME Java virtual Machine v4.12.I can start the Manager through the Internet explorer, and can see everything I need. It also ask me for the pass when entering in restricted pages, which I can enter with no problems.The problem is the Web Visualization. It shows a "Loading..." text inside a gray square but nothing happens.In the status bar said the Applet was started... but the Loading square is still there.The CRE-Me software has the possibility to look into the applet only, but when it starts opening, it closes, and I can't see anything.The CRE-Me has a demo applet, which I downloaded in the plc and works... I even looked for a java applet game, which I can play with no problems.There is a problem with the java, and I don't have a clue how to start looking into that.I started using CoDeSys 2.3.9.25, and upgraded to 2.3.9.28 with the same result.If anybody has an idea what I can do, please post here or send me a pm.Thanks to all for the help

